[SPEAKER_05]
I really think that you're immune to it It's gonna get the best of you It's gonna lift you up and let you down It will defeat you then teach you to get back up After it takes away all that you've learned to love
your reflection is a blur out of focus but in confusion the frames of sunday burn at the end of a roll of delusions a ghost waiting his turn now i can see right through it's a warning that nobody heard it will teach you to love what
After it takes away all that you learned to love But you don't always have to hold your head higher than your heart You better hope you're not alone You better hope you're not alone You better hope you're not alone You better hope you're not alone
You better hope you're not alone.
You better hope you're not alone.

[UNKNOWN]
You better hope you're not alone.
You better be hoping you're not so.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hope you're not alone.

[UNKNOWN]
Your echo comes back out of the tomb.

[SPEAKER_05]
The problem is that there's no true to It's fading away too soon Your shadow is on the move and maybe you should be moving too Before it takes away all that you learned to love It will defeat you then teach you to get back up Cause you don't always
You better hope you're not alone.
You better hope you're not alone.
You better hope you're not alone.
You better be hoping you're not alone.
You better hope you're not alone.
You better hope you're not alone.
You better hope you're not alone.

[SPEAKER_01]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we bring you three firsthand accounts of COVID-19 vaccine injury and the very different paths each of these individuals has taken in search of recovery.

[SPEAKER_06]
Couldn't put any pressure on my chest.
Couldn't lean against things.
All kinds of strange symptoms.
And from that point on, I was going into the ER.

[SPEAKER_04]
All the time and being gaslit and I called Moderna and told them I'm reporting this.
This is what's going on and I have them admitting to me that they're getting a lot of calls like a ton of calls and a ton of reports and that they're overwhelmed with calls.
They also told me do not file for the vaccine injury because they said that we didn't qualify because it was an experimental vaccine.

[SPEAKER_08]
And quite honestly, Dr. McCarran found the answer.
It all comes down to spike proteins and amyloids.
It was so eye-opening when I went to Japan and I sat in a room in therapy every day with other people like me.
And they were all getting better to different levels.
I probably had the best, I'll say recovery.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you so much for being here with us this evening.
What happens when the system that promised safety has no answers when things go wrong?
Tonight's episode focuses on a subject that continues to grow in urgency, yet remains largely under recognized.
Individuals suffering from serious health complications following COVID-19 vaccination and their search for answers across the country and around the world.
Patients are navigating complex, often debilitating conditions, frequently without clear diagnosis, consistent care, or established treatment pathways.
Tonight, we'll hear three firsthand accounts of vaccine injury and the very different paths each individual has taken in pursuit of recovery, including emerging treatments that fall outside conventional medical systems.
Evan George was just 28 when his health began to collapse following his COVID shot.
now living with a debilitating condition.
that has left him largely unable to sit or use his arms.
Bob Benson spent years in severe decline after his COVID booster before traveling abroad for a novel treatment that led to a dramatic turnaround.
Britt Galvin saw her life abruptly upended after developing serious health issues following her COVID shot, and has since become a voice for others navigating life after injury.
Three stories, three trajectories, one question.
Why are patients forced to search the world for answers
and why are some of the most promising treatments happening outside the United States.
We're going to explore the treatments emerging beyond conventional systems and the growing number of patients who say they're finally working.
Before we continue, I want to take a moment to ask for your help.
The Vaccine Safety Research Foundation has launched a petition calling for a review and appeal of the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, legislation that granted liability protections to vaccine manufacturers while leaving many injured individuals without a clear path to accountability.
If you believe in transparency, informed consent, and a system that fully recognizes and supports those impacted by vaccine injury, we encourage you to sign and share.
It takes less than a minute, but it sends a powerful message that patient safety and accountability must remain central to public health.
Janet will place the link in the chat, and we truly appreciate your support.
And now to help guide tonight's conversation,
I'd like to bring on the founder of the Vaccine Safety Foundation, Steve Kirsch, along with nurse Angela Wulbrecht.
Nurse Angela has been working closely with the vaccine injured.
As you know, through her hands-on experience, Angela offers a grounded perspective on what patients are facing day-to-day and the challenges of navigating care when answers are hard to find.
Angela, Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Hello, Steve.
How are you guys doing?

[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, Angela.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi.
So yeah, this has been such a long journey, Livia.
I mean, I remember back almost five years ago, Steve, when we met.
And Steve would call me asking me about the vaccine injury because it was kind of new to him.
You know, it happened to his carpet cleaner.
It happened to some of his friends on X.
But I would filter all these stories to him.
And I'd say, Steve, you've got to take a look at this.
You've got to take a look at that.
There's injuries.
flowing in, and it's just, I've never seen anything like it in the hospital system.
I mean, I saw two Guillain-Barre cases from the flu shot in my 17 years of being a nurse.
And with this COVID vaccine, it was daily.
There are 50 to 100 people reaching out with weird reactions, but all of us had very similar things in common.
And Steve took a huge interest because he just said, this isn't right.
is not normal.
And so I'm forever grateful for all the work that Steve has done to to expose what has happened to us.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you know, we're we don't we don't have you on the agenda, Angela, but you might want to relate your vaccine injury story.
Which vaccine, which dose and how long after?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, my my dose was January 19th of 2021.
It was one dose of Moderna and I was very confident that I would be OK.
I had taken all my other shots, had to take yearly flu shots to work at the hospital.
And at the 12 minute mark, I basically collapsed in my car.
I couldn't get out.
I was shaking, trembling.
My vitals were critical.
I had to be taken away by ambulance and they were working me up for
a hypertensive crisis, stroke, MI, and a pulmonary embolus.
So that was my first encounter with my vaccine injury.
And fortunately, I was very lucky because the doctors believed me and I got care at a hospital where I worked.
And so, yeah, but it was a journey.
I mean, it took me about a full year to really recover.
The first six months, I was in and out of hospitals, six 911 calls.
I never really thought that I would survive.
And so I'm grateful to be here and I don't plan on leaving anybody behind.
There's so many that are still struggling.

[SPEAKER_09]
Did people try to gaslight you?
I mean, 12 minutes after your first Moderna shot, this happens.
Did the doctors at UCSF try to gaslight you?
No.
Saying, oh, this is in your head.
This is not caused by the vaccine.
Did they acknowledge that it was caused by the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.
It's all over my chart, but it also was a hospital where I ran five departments for 17 years.
So they knew my record.
I was one of their stellar nurses.
I took excellent care of patients.
I was one of those bad ass nurses.
I would help in any way.
I'd go down to the ER for the trauma.
So they knew.
They knew my
credibility.
And so I was very lucky, but 99.9% of the vaccine injured don't get that.
They don't have that luxury of having every single doctor within this major hospital believe them.
And I kept saying, well, maybe I'm allergic to this.
Maybe I'm allergic to that.
They said, no, Angela, this is a vaccine injury.
You had a shot 12 minutes later, you're on the ground.
And not to mention as well, we had several injuries prior to mine.
that the hospital didn't disclose to the public.
There was doctors, you know, multiple doctors that I worked with that were in the emergency room minutes after their vaccine.
So I wasn't the first and certainly not the last.

[SPEAKER_09]
So surely the New York Times would be calling you up to get your story and notify the public because it's a matter of public safety that the first people to get the vaccine had these horrible side effects within minutes after they got the vaccine.
I mean, surely that would be a story that the news media would cover, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Every day, Steve, they were hounding me down wanting to break the news.
Not.
In fact, I was in communication with Dr. Nath at the NIH and he and he because my story did break the news on the LA Times.
I was on the front page talking about my injury.
And so I did let Dr. Nath know at the NIH and he was actually helping me take care of other patients.
I would
sent him videos of certain vaccine injuries.
He'd say, Oh my God, Angela, that's awful.
Let me send you to a doctor in this area.
So he was helping me until I made that fatal mistake of mentioning your name and the data that you were doing and that he really should take a look at your data.
And then I got nicks.
Then I got a letter email from the CDC saying, don't ever contact us again.
If you need help regarding the injuries, go to the website.
So you killed my chances, Steve, of communication with
HHS at that point.

[SPEAKER_01]
Angela, are you are you noticing with when you go to the hospitals or dealing with other health care practitioners with your vaccine injured?
Are they acknowledging it like under their breath to you or are they still saying how this is they're they're not vaccine injured?
What's what's going on right now inside the hospitals?

[SPEAKER_03]
No, they they are they are because at this point
Most people have at least known someone or have heard of vaccine injuries.
It's so profound.
Unfortunately for us, we were all so badly injured.
But I think the big mistake they made with these COVID vaccines is they launched them all at once.
And because there's millions of injuries around the world, you just can't hide it.
That's the problem.
You can't hide it.
So neurology departments, cardiology departments, they're flooded with vaccine injuries.
So every doctor that I go to, they know people.
They just can't talk about it and nothing is being done about it because there's no research and there's no help.
And hence why the vaccine injured have had to go on their own, like all of our three wonderful guests today.
They've had to find their own path.
And I know we will be talking to Britt later, but she knows more about mast cell activation syndrome than any doctor that I really know of.
And, you know, Robert has had to find his own treatment outside of the U.S.
Evan is a dear friend of mine that I've been trying to help for the last four years and he's not going to give up.
So we've all had to kind of learn on our own because there's no research being done to help us.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, let's see.
Yeah, before before we move on, you might want to talk about the how the radiology department got religious all of a sudden.

[SPEAKER_03]
They did.
So
I was obviously having cardiac issues after my vaccine injury and having to have a ton of cardiac workups.
And in my department, we had three people go down at the same time with cardiac issues.
So I'm going in for a calcium channel score in radiology.
And I'm laying there, you know, getting ready to go on the tube and the radiology tech says to me, you know, you're so young and you look so healthy.
You know, why are you having scanning?
And I said, well, I was injured from the COVID vaccine.
And she said, well, me too.
She was about 25 or 26 years old.
She said, I just got back.
I was on a leave for about six months because I was having severe cardiac issues and couldn't go to work.
And she then divulged to me that she, the radiology department, by the time the boosters came around, so everybody was forced to get dose one and dose two, the boosters come around, you know, six months after that.
And she said about 75% of the radiology department.
got a religious exemption because they were seeing so many people come in for the emergency room, get, you know, rule out pulmonary emboli, you know, CT scans of the chest, of the heart, the brain because of their vaccine injuries.
So it scared them.
And so the hospital had to issue these religious exemptions on three-fourths of their radiology department because you can't lose three-fourths of a department in a hospital.
I mean, the ER would not be able to run without a radiology department.
So all of a sudden the boosters come around and 75% of radiology becomes religious all of a sudden.
So that should tell you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Coincidence, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
They found Jesus.

[SPEAKER_09]
They found Jesus.

[SPEAKER_03]
They found Jesus.
We're still waiting on you, Steve, to find Jesus.
I don't know if that's happened yet, but yeah, it did for that hospital for sure.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
I want to bring on our first guest before we get too long here.
Let's introduce Evan George.
Evan, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_06]
Hi, doing well.
Thank you so much for having me.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you for joining us.
I'm going to read a little bit about you.
Evan George was a 28 year old pianist whose life centered around music before his health began to decline following his COVID vaccination.
What began as a series of unexplained symptoms progressed into a debilitating condition that has left him largely unable to sit or use his arms and significantly limited his ability to carry out daily life.
Over the past several years, Evan has undergone extensive medical evaluations and complex interventions.
searching for answers to a condition that has defied conventional diagnosis and treatment.
At the same time, his journey has taken on a deeply personal dimension, one shaped not only by physical challenges, but by a search for meaning, resilience, and a different understanding of health and healing.
And before I let you guys continue, I just want to remind our audience that we are recording this episode, but Evan and our other two guests, Bob and Britt, will be joining the chat.
So if you have questions for them along the episode, please feel free to interact in the chat.
So there will not be Q&A at the end.
All right, Steve and Angela, take it away.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's cool.
So which brand did you get and which shot number and how long after the shot did you first notice something was off?

[SPEAKER_06]
It was the Pfizer vaccine.
It was the second dose.
This was in July of 2021.
And I would say probably within 24 hours, I got a rash.
It's a little hard for me to remember exactly when I noticed the rash, but I got a rash on my inner thigh.
And I'd had a little bit of vulnerability in this area.
I had at that time subclinical occult tethered cord syndrome.
And after I got the second dose of the Pfizer vaccine, got this rash, started to feel a little bit weird, went in to the pharmacy and formed the pharmacist.
He just recommended that I take Benadryl.
I did that and then felt a little bit better.
But then on a flight, a cross-country flight about two weeks later, it's like something physiological happened.
Like perhaps this is when the iliac vein became occluded.
This is something that I know Dr. Vaughan is seeing with a certain phenotype of patients where there's like a real moment in time where they notice like a irreversible change.
And after that flight, I could no longer sit down.
So that's sort of the beginning of really
For me, this is a clear vaccine injury.
That area becomes affected and then soon after I'm unable to sit.

[SPEAKER_09]
So what does that mean when you say you can't sit down?
Are you standing up right now?

[SPEAKER_06]
I am, yes.
I've spent the past five years predominantly standing.

[SPEAKER_09]
So when you say you can't sit down because it hurts or what's the, or you physically can't move your legs that way or what's, what's the issue?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it's physically very painful.
Um, I can sit down, but it causes a huge spike in symptoms.
It causes multi-day to week flares.
Um, you know, there's a lot of vascular stuff going on.
There's a lot of, uh, kind of ongoing damage in that area, uh, spinal and nerve related damage.
And so the sitting just compounds that makes everything much, much worse.

[SPEAKER_09]
So do the doctors have the doctors confirmed that this is a vaccine injury and were you gaslit and told, no, this is all in your head.
This is functional neurologic disorder and stuff like that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, yeah.
What did you go?

[SPEAKER_09]
What did you go through?

[SPEAKER_06]
It all started with, you know, anxiety.
It's fibromyalgia.
It's in your head.
Let's see, I mean, those doctors, I was seeing doctors at UCSF actually, so sort of a similar experience in some ways to Angela and to a lot of the people here in the Bay Area, where they really dismissed it and they kept saying, you know, causation is not correlation.
That was their phrase that they just had to say to any patient.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, you mean correlation isn't causation.

[SPEAKER_06]
Excuse me.
I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_09]
No problem.
And yeah, I was by the way, just to be clear, causation is the leading cause of correlation.
They never point that out.

[SPEAKER_06]
There we have it.
Yeah.
And yeah, so I was seeing neurologists, I was seeing like the chief of neurospinal surgery at UCSF and
Uh, he actually very insightfully said, this sounds vascular to me, not, not vaccine related, but, but vascular, which was actually in some ways, correct.
Um, I was going into the ER.
Um, I should say like, so I had my initial vaccine reaction and then couldn't sit down, but then there was like a re-triggering.
And this is really when my injury took off and changed my life.
And it became totally disabling and sort of, I became just a different person overnight.
And this was actually after taking prednisone and having these symptoms basically reverse, being able to sit down for basically only very short periods of time to like six hours and getting some strength back.
And I had a fair amount of other symptoms, but I'm going to focus on the pelvic and systemic ones.
So after I took this prednisone, tapered off of it, and then everything sort of swung back in a much more extreme way.
And then it was almost like an eruption took place.
And the symptoms that had been primarily in the pelvis became, they sort of broke containment and shot up into the spine and into the torso.
And all of a sudden I'd been predominantly like a stomach sleeper, couldn't put any pressure on my chest, couldn't lean against things, all kinds of strange symptoms.
And from that point on, I was going into the ER
all the time and being gaslit.
People saying that it was anxiety, stuff like that.
And then.

[SPEAKER_09]
So were they able to eventually find something physically that they could point to that is causing this?

[SPEAKER_06]
They have found a few things.
So the first kind of has probably been there my whole life.
It's a deformation of the spine is the occult tethered cord syndrome, but this never caused
I was totally functional and didn't really notice it at any point prior to the vaccination.
So that's the first thing.
And then there was the occlusion of the iliac vein.
My iliac vein was actually 88% occluded.
And I imagine this happened upon vaccination or shortly after.
That's the way it's been explained to me by Dr. Vaughan.
And so when you have, I think, the occult tethered cord, which creates a venous congestion pathology on its own, and then that
outflow obstruction, I think this is why the symptoms became so significant there.
And I actually had a massively dilated, the words of the interventional radiologist were blown out, presacral venous plexus.
And all of these structural findings, abnormalities have been treated.
And each time one has been treated, started with the iliac vein with a stent
then coils and embolizations for the presacral venous plexus, and then a phylum terminal resectioning for the coltepid cord kind of spaced out over a year and a half.
Absolutely no improvement from any of those interventions, like maybe a slight bit of improvement in flow dynamics and less hypoxia, I would say, around the inner groin, but no ability to sit, no improvement in that, and the systemic symptoms, the
inflammatory cascade, the constantly escalating progressive symptoms that have consumed my arms, that have moved axially into the back of my head.
None of this.
I mean, it's just always it's been a, you know, runaway train.

[SPEAKER_09]
So those physical issues that were identified, those would be consistent with what you were experiencing.
So you would think that fixing them would then
somewhat resolve the problem.
So you've got no relief at all for any of those surgeries.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, which has been enormously confusing, because then they have something to point to.
And the, you know, the traditional doctors who are in, you know, I'm seeing a lot of people at UCSF have that and they're racking their brains trying to understand how a patient cannot be getting any benefit and then trying to, they found like a stenosis in my as it goes vein, they put me under and tested that that wasn't
significant or hemodynamically significant enough to operate on, thank God.
And so now we've sort of reached the point where it's just so clearly spikeopathy.
It's so clearly neurodegenerative.
It's so clearly this cytokine inflammatory cascade, this amyloid cascade.
And that's probably why even though you've
The metaphor everyone always uses is the pipes have been fixed, but whatever's in the pipes really is the problem, the hypercoagulable blood, you know, the microplots, which strangely enough, I only had a three out of four I had that tested.
That was a while ago.
But I think whatever's going on is all taking place in the blood.
And I think what we're seeing with Bob and Dr. McCarran and that kind of approach
is probably what is going to be necessary to kind of cleanse the blood and get the inflammation down as well.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, it'd be interesting to see what happens because the people who claim that you had FND then can, right now, they could sort of claim victory that, look, see, you know, all of his physical issues that he had, it didn't make a difference, so we were right, it was all in his head.
Like, how can you rule that out objectively?
Clearly there was no, since this happened two weeks really after the shot and it's not sort of precipitated by an event which could cause this sort of result that
It doesn't seem like this is an FND kind of thing.
They use that because they can't figure out what's causing it.
And so even to this day, with all the people that you've seen, you still don't know necessarily what the underlying cause is, although you think that it's in the blood, but it would be nice to eliminate that.
So if you went to see Kevin and that resolved, then that would definitely tell us, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it certainly would.
And they also did find, at the tissue level, markedly congested vasculature.
They always assume an outflow obstruction higher up and it would be so interesting to confirm that it's operating in a totally different way at a deeper level.
These are just the outward manifestations of something that's happening in the neurodegenerative disorder possibly.

[SPEAKER_09]
So have you run into anyone who has very similar symptoms to what you have, who had a Pfizer vaccine or Moderna vaccine and a couple of weeks later developed this condition or is this pretty unique?
Have you heard of anyone else with similar reactions?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I really haven't.
I've never heard of anyone with this sort of postural problems.
Like I can't bend down, I can't use
A lot of people can't use their arms because of post-exertional malaise and things like that, which I have developed over time.
But the sort of positional element of this injury has been unique.
I don't think I've encountered anyone else who couldn't sit.
I've developed a lot of the classic symptoms as time has gone on.
But that aspect of it, certainly I haven't heard

[SPEAKER_03]
I can't speak.
We have one, a little kid that I helped in Germany, a little boy who had very similar
issues to Evan.
I have found a lot of people with ELOS download syndrome are having issues with the vaccine like myself.
And there's a lot of people that have ELOS downloads that also have this tethered cord that I feel subjects them to susceptibility from the COVID shots.
And he was pretty similar to you, Evan, as well.
He was immobile.
He couldn't sit.
He couldn't lie.
He had
just severe mobility issues and we flew him here to the US for treatment.
So you're not alone in that, but it's definitely one of the more unique cases.
And Evan, I don't know how long we've known each other, Evan.
I'm not even sure how we met four years ago, but you are a warrior.
You have not given up this fight, and we keep in touch regularly.
And your just will to live and your hope
despite how debilitating and progressive this has gotten for you.
You know, I pray for you all the time and you're just in my heart because I know how hard it is and you just, you're a ray of hope.
You're always positive.
You're always just looking for the next thing to try and save your own life.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you, Angela.
I mean, having you
I don't know how the stars aligned in such a way for us to meet, but I'm so, so grateful that they did.
It's been such a blessing to have you in my life supporting me and you have been my, you know, this ray of hope.
And every time there's a new kind of step in needing treatment and finding where to go and how to
Just, you know, search for help and all of that.
It's always through you.
It's always through your support.
And I'm so grateful.

[SPEAKER_09]
So, yeah, sorry.

[SPEAKER_03]
Go ahead, Steve.
Thank you.
Thank you, Evan.
I love you dearly.
I'm not going to give up on you.

[SPEAKER_09]
How do you support yourself, Evan?
Because presumably, you're unable to work.
So how do you serve on?
How do you pay the medical bills?
How do you pay the rent?
What options do you have?
Certainly, you're not going to get any help from Pfizer or like Pfizer hasn't offered to help you out at all, right?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, certainly not.

[SPEAKER_09]
Did you let them know that you were injured and did they take any interest in investigating?

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, I didn't.
I filed the fares and spoke with people at React 19 in the beginning, you know, just about what the options were seeking accountability through things like that.
But but no, no contact with Pfizer and not even a get well card or anything.
No.
Yeah, can you imagine?
No, no.
No cards, no calls.

[SPEAKER_09]
They should run that TV commercial saying, you know, Pfizer, we care.
Oh, man.
Well, so how do you how do you survive?
How do you pay the bills?
How do you pay the rent?

[SPEAKER_06]
really through an incredible grace, I would say, because it's not something, if I were left to my own, if the situation was just me relying on myself, I have not been able to sort of get the normal SSDI disability, which is actually staggering to me, not because I need it so much, because I'm very fortunate.
uh, was a pauper before this kind of like trying to live this artistic pianist life.
But, uh, through some situations with, uh, dear family friends, um, have been supported since, since becoming injured.
But the fact that I have this mountain of, you know, evidence and doctor's visits and people, you know, writing in saying he's disabled and all of this, all of this evidence.
And that I've been denied disability mostly on a technicality because I can't go into that.
They always want me.
I'm in the Bay area here in San Francisco.
They always insist that I go to Oakland.
I can't drive that far without a huge, huge flare and trigger of symptoms that for me are progressive and at this point irreversible.
And I continue to say, find some solutions.
I can't get there.
And they continue to deny me disability.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_06]
He should be able to go.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
But should they see him in San Francisco?
Why would they only be able to see him in Oakland?

[SPEAKER_06]
It doesn't make sense.
There is a place like, you know, 15 minutes away that I could go through that.
But I think they see my age and they're just like, we don't want to put this person.
I don't know.
I can't speak to their internal policies.

[SPEAKER_09]
OK.

[SPEAKER_03]
well we love you and then we're not going to give up hope and i a and i specifically wanted robert to come on because he similarly to you was disabled for so long fighting for his life and he found something so i'm always looking for treatments not that they might work for everybody but it's worth hearing what everybody's done because we're the problem with this is where we're our own doctors we have to find these treatments on our own there's nobody
helping us, so we just have to keep on plugging along.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's correct.
And you mentioned Robert, I just brought him on the screen.
Hello, Robert.
Nice to see you.
Thank you for joining us on VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
Hey, I'm doing great.
Thanks for having me.
I'm going to read your bio before we continue.
Bob Benson is a retired businessman and fishing guide who was looking forward to a new chapter of life when his health began to rapidly decline following his COVID booster.
What followed were years of debilitating symptoms that left him unable to function, costing him his business, his independence, and nearly his life.
While struggling to find recognition or answers within the traditional medical system, after exhausting conventional options, Bob took his search for answers into his own hands.
eventually traveling abroad for a novel treatment targeting underlying pathology.
Today joins us to share his journey through loss, perseverance, and a remarkable path toward recovery.
And I'm going to play a video that was shared I think by Nurse Angela that I saw on X with Kevin McCarran.
I'm going to play this first before we continue.

[SPEAKER_00]
Here we are with our 12th patient.
I believe that we're dealing with the most effective therapy globally.
Robert is our 12th patient.
Robert has some words to say about his treatment relative to the US.
What would you like to say to them?
Well, the change here has just been astounding.

[SPEAKER_08]
Arrived here.
I was basically unable to function at all and now I've got my life back.
I can Keep up with my wife.
Okay, we hike in the mountains.
We go see snow monkeys.
It's been absolutely incredible The care here that we get all of the doctors are nurses have been just amazing The difference in care that we get here versus the US where you know for years.
They just ignored me nobody
The medical system didn't believe in me.
The insurance won't cover it.
Since I got here, I keep saying it's life changing.
I have my life back.
It's been absolutely wonderful.
Literally from the first treatment on, it's been wonderful.
I'm wrapping up on my fourth week now, and I'm a little bit scared to go home, actually.

[SPEAKER_00]
But I know where I can go to get help.
Yeah, so that's dual filtration plasma atheresis with stem cell growth factors developed here at Edgar Hospital.

[SPEAKER_01]
You look amazing, Robert, considering what you've been through.
It's overwhelming just to watch that video.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, yeah, I almost gave up.
I mean, before I went to Japan, I was starting to think about the end.
How do I get out of this?
It was, yeah, just horrible.
I can't say enough good things about all the folks in Japan.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I'll be back in a little bit, but I'll let you continue the conversation.

[SPEAKER_09]
So what booster brand did you get, Robert?
And how long after that booster did you start experiencing symptoms?
And what exactly did you experience?

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, so my wife and I got two Pfizer batches in May of 2021.
They were, turns out they're horrible batches E0171 and E0173.
There were 70 reported deaths among those two boosters.
I don't know how they even get reported.
They wouldn't have counted me if I died.
And my wife had got injured on that first round of shots after the second shot.
She was at work and she was taken to the hospital.
She had lost use of her hands.
She started acting strange and they went, this was two days after her second shot.
And I was taken to the hospital and they said, well, of course it can't be the vaccine.
Even though it was just two days prior, that was all that had changed.
And so,
Fast forward to December 3rd of 2021.
I had actually just gotten back from my honeymoon.
And two days after my honeymoon, I went in for a physical.
I didn't want to get another shot, because I saw what happened to my wife.
I got another booster.
Basically, at that point, I went home, went to bed.
And basically, I never, I'll say never got up, never recovered.
I did have some good patches.
I kind of lost control of everything.
I just could not get out of bed no matter what I would do.
It was just horrible.
So I've always kind of thought it was my booster that triggered it.
Those first two batches were really bad.
And since I did some more research on those batches, I don't know if it was a combination.
But the third shot was also a Pfizer.
I don't know that batch number.
Yeah, just turned out to be devastating.
How's your wife doing?
She still has issues with her hands.
She actually had stem cell growth factor therapy while we were in Japan, because she has issues with her hands.
And for some reason, every night in both arms where she got the shot, it's like it comes alive almost.
And she has to get up in the middle of the night, apply ice on her arms.
Kevin McCarran has her blood sample now.
So we're trying to research that as well.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, the officials say that vaccine injuries are just really rare, right?
But it sure doesn't seem that way, does it?
In fact, my carpet cleaner was one of the first people I knew personally who was injured, and his wife was injured too.
So, this isn't just a, you know, once a very rare coincidence.
These coincidences are happening quite a lot.
So, after your injury, did you go to doctors?
Did they tell you you were vaccine injured or did they tell you, oh, well, this is functional neurologic disorder or something else?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, you know, it took a while for us to figure out.
So my first venture to the doctor, I had a telehealth interview.
I live in rural northern Minnesota, right?
So it's not always that easy to get to a doctor.
So I figured we'd do a telehealth and I went, got on there and I talked to the doctor, explained that I think I got vaccine injured, like all of my problems that I'm having.
And, you know, I traced back and started, you know, at that day.
And immediately I was told, well, it's been six months since you've had, or over six months since you've had a booster, so you ought to come in right away and get another booster.
And so that's how the con for me, it was ridiculous.
I thought I was on Saturday Night Live doing a skit or something, right?
It was just crazy.
And so I...

[SPEAKER_09]
So you waited six months after you're stuck in bed to call a doctor?

[SPEAKER_08]
And things were so hard on like my wife, my family.
I mean, my father disowned me.
My wife, I mean, she thought, well, great, we get married and now you turn into a potato and you don't get out of bed and you just sit there all day and you know, I just couldn't function.

[SPEAKER_03]
Was it your...
Robert, when you were in bed, was it because you had severe fatigue or did you have the pot symptoms or the neurological symptoms or was it just intense fatigue?

[SPEAKER_08]
It wasn't really fatigue.
I like to frame it more as like vertigo.
So it would take me like eight or 10 tries to get out of bed, right?
So I'd try to get out of bed.
I'd try to go to the shower and I go, I can't do this yet.
And I'd go back to bed and I'd put pillows over my head and I'd lay there and two hours later I'd try again, you know, sometimes, you know.
and this i know and uh... and then i couldn't sleep i'd be in bed all the time but i couldn't sleep here right and so you know one point i went like thirteen days without sleeping but you would use it we did six months to go to a doctor uh... i i did well it could have been a vaccine injury you know i was that you're watching the news every night and it's safe and effective uh... you know still to this day you'll never see it on the news uh... but yeah i i just couldn't i couldn't figure it out now part of part of that was
I had gone to Florida, right?
So I live in Minnesota, but I had gone to Florida.
Couldn't get out of bed, didn't really, my brain didn't work, so I couldn't really figure out how to access a doctor in Florida.
A bunch of times my wife tried to get me to go to the hospital, but I just refused.
And then, so finally when I did get back into Minnesota, it's six months, that's when I had that telehealth visit, and I was like, well, this is stupid.
And so I had another appointment with my regular doctor,
Um, I went to see him and I told him again, I thought, you know, I saw you six months ago.
I thought we got, I thought, I think I got a vaccine injury.
Um, can you treat me?
And he says, well, that's not possible.
And then after talking through my systems, he gave me some antidepressants.
And I went home, and it made me worse.
After three or four days in the antidepressants, I just threw him away and said, no, no.

[SPEAKER_09]
Why did he prescribe antidepressants?
What did he diagnose you with?

[SPEAKER_08]
Because that's what doctors do.
Um, you know, depression basically, you know, because I can't get out of bed, you know, those were kind of like the symptoms.
If you can't get out of bed, that's going to lead to depression.
And so he gave me that.
And so, you know, they just have that'll solve it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Did you, did you ask him, did you ask him if there were other patients that he had with similar symptoms that were cured by antidepressants?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, but at that point I was just so frustrated with the system and I'm different than a lot of other people.
I did not turn into a lab rat.
I tried to fight my way through it over and over and it just kept getting worse.

[SPEAKER_09]
And why did you actually get the booster in the first place?
Because you knew from the first two shots and from your wife that the shots were dangerous.
Why did you say, OK, well, I'll take the booster.
And then if you did take the booster, then why didn't you take the booster again when the doctor said, oh, well, you're six months due and you should take the booster?

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, no, it's crazy.
So when I went to get my physical done, right, and I guess it must have been seven months after I got my first round of shots, went in to get a physical, and I was like, I'm not getting another one of these, and my doctor just, well, he talked me into it.
So one, okay, you're 50, I was 56 years old probably at the time, and probably in the best shape of my life, at least my adult life.
And so when I went in, what really got me was he gave me the line, you're going to Florida and you're going to see your dad.
You really need to have this to protect your parents.
And I knew my dad wouldn't let me in the house if I didn't get a booster.
I should have lied to him, but that's really it.
And I came home and my wife says, you did what?
They gave me both.

[SPEAKER_09]
I fell for the line, trust your doctor.

[SPEAKER_08]
You know what I mean?
And no, don't trust your doctor, make good choices.
The doctors are just going to send you down a path.
They're going to give you some drug to go home and you're going to be taking it for the rest of your life.
Yeah, it's horrible.

[SPEAKER_03]
OK, so we're not there to take care of you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And they kick you out of the practice because you're not vaccinated.
So how did you hear about Kevin?
And tell me what happened then.
And why do you have to go to Japan for this treatment?
Like, can't they give it in the United States?

[SPEAKER_08]
It's really don't care about people in the United States, especially now.

[SPEAKER_09]
But is there any reason that that that Kevin couldn't set up shop in the United States?
Like, why do you have to go all the way to Japan?

[SPEAKER_08]
I think they're nervous about doing this work at all and the reaction.
I think if they did it here, I mean,

[SPEAKER_03]
It's not FDA approved, Steve.
People are going to, you know, I was in Mexico getting stem cells with a patient.
People go to Panama, Japan.
You can't do this type of treatment in the US without the FDA trying to close you down or put you in jail.
It's not FDA approved.
There's no such thing as vaccine injuries here because vaccines are safe and effective.
So patients are having to go abroad.
where things aren't regulated like they are in the US.
In the US, you know, you can get antidepressants and you can get Xanax for your vacancy and injury.

[SPEAKER_09]
So, doesn't Japan have any kind of regulation saying that you can't get these treatments in Japan or it's less regulated in Japan?

[SPEAKER_08]
Apparently not, but the hospital we're at, they actually developed this stem cell growth factor treatment drive from Baby's Teeth, right there at the hospital.
So they're equipped for that.
They're already doing that.
They use this treatment for other conditions.
So they were very well equipped.
The doctors are at a very high level of expertise.
And quite honestly, Dr. McCarran, he's injured himself, but he's found the solution.
He found the answer.
It all comes down to spike proteins and amylides.
And that's what he's targeting.
And it's literally, it was so eye-opening when I went to Japan and I sat in a room
and therapy every day with other people like me.
And they were all getting better to different levels.
I've probably had the best, I'll say, recovery of them all.
And I think one of the reasons for that is I stayed out of the USA healthcare system.
I didn't let them poke and prod and do this surgery and that surgery and this medication and that medication.
The only thing I really did, I found Dr. Stillman in Florida through the React 19 and the FLCCC, and he helped me out.
Like last summer, I was functional again for about three months.
He gave me high-dosage ivermectin, and that kind of relieved all the symptoms.
But after three months, it was like the ivermectin got well without his consent.
I doubled my dosage near the end before I was going to see him when I got back to Florida.
And it just, nothing was helping.
Nothing was helping.
You know the key thing for me ended up when I got this spike protein antibody test and I was greater than 25,000 and that was the first like real evidence that I had that you know something's wrong here.
I've had that test twice greater than 25,000.
I actually got my blood taken on Tuesday.
to have it again.
And then once I saw the video with Mary Talley Brown, nurse Lindsay and Dr. McCarran, I had sent my blood over there and amyloids and once there was, you know, once I got the amyloid result, it was like, there's the answer.
There's the problem.
Dr. McCarran, you know, shared the results with me and I was like, well, I'm in, I'm going to Japan.
and it turned out to be the right thing.
And you know what?
I'm so mad at our CDC, people like RFK, Dr. Macri, Dr. Bhattacharya, these are all people I liked, and I don't understand why they can't just write a memo that doctors need to test for spike proteins and amyloids.
There's so many people out there.
Well, and not only that, doctors need to test for spike proteins and amyloids,
And when they find something wrong, the insurance needs to cover the treatment no matter where it is.
How can I pay $1,700 a month for insurance and nothing's covered, especially when there's a cure?
It's terrible.
They won't even test for it.
That's the crazy thing.
They won't even test because if they test, they're going to find it.
And if they find it, then they have to deal with it, but they won't test.
It's so crazy.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so you're back in the United States now, right?
Yes, yeah.
And how long have you been back for?

[SPEAKER_08]
Less than a week.
A week ago tonight I was at a Black Rose concert in Tokyo.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
What did your treatment look like?

[SPEAKER_09]
Sorry, I'll get there.
But right now, have you been getting progressively better or stable or since you got back in the US, have things started sliding back or are you stable?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, good question.
So I'm still getting better.
I'm not, I'm still, so I'm not back to a hundred percent, right?
So I have some cognitive issues.
So I started doing like Sudoku puzzles.
I noticed that I haven't read a book in four and a half years.
So I bought a book.
The Real Anthony Fauci is the book that I started reading.
Yep.
Okay, so um, but yeah, I'm still you know dealing with things I'm not certain if they're Like bad habits because like I was terrified of mail for four years.
I refused to open mail No matter, you know how every if my wife came and brought me mail I would go get up and go to bed because I just couldn't deal with it
So I have a lot of bad habits I need to get rid of.
But just like my overall, I feel great, my mood is great, I smile, I laugh, all things that I haven't done in years.
But it's gonna be, the doctors say you're gonna have continued healing.
So I am on no medications.
I do take, I have a stem cell growth factor nasal spray that'll be taken for the next three or four months until it runs out and then I can't get anymore.
What was the cost of treatment?
So for two weeks, it's going to cost about $32,000 plus travel.
So they recommend two weeks.
That'll be two filtrations and then the stem cell growth factor.
Now, I stayed four weeks.
A couple of the earlier patients said after two weeks, they went home and they should have stayed longer.
So I just said, well, I'm already here.
I'm just going to stay

[SPEAKER_09]
And were you able to afford the $32,000 or did you have a GoFundMe or how did you?

[SPEAKER_08]
No, so I'm a lucky one, if you want to call it that, that I didn't have to go the GoFundMe route.
I withdrew it out of my retirement savings, right?
So, you know, I'd worked in the corporate world for 30 years.
I had planned on just leaving that whole retirement there.
I had a guiding business both in Minnesota and Florida that were thriving, and all that's, you know, gone.
But so I was able to get the money out of my retirement fund, short answer.
Of course, the government's going to want their taxes on that.
Of course.

[SPEAKER_03]
You know, it's terrible.
It's like, yeah, we save up for retirement and we're promised a safe and effective drug.
And luckily, you're fortunate enough to be able to have treatment.
The majority of the vaccine injured, I know they have gone through, you know, they've lost their job.
They've lost their insurance.
Some of them have lost their homes.
Some are living in cars and campers.
They don't have any money whatsoever.
And it's something that our government should take care of.
It's unbelievable that we have to either fundraise or people have to pull out of their retirement.
to go to another country to save themselves from something that our government promised was safe and effective.
And I'll never forget hearing it.
If something goes wrong, you can just file with the countermeasures.
I did that five years ago, still haven't heard back.
And I'm one too.
I've spent probably $60,000 on my treatments.
It's unreal what we've had to go through.

[SPEAKER_09]
So tell me about the treatment.
And how do you know it's plasmapheresis versus the...
It's essentially a plasmapheresis type of thing that you were doing every day for 14 days?

[SPEAKER_08]
So I guess I was in treatment for a total of 20 days when I was there.
On the first day, the day one, I had the plasma, the DFPA process done where they insert, they go into your jugular vein, they insert a catheter into your jugular vein.
They do it in your jugular because they want to get the blood right before it gets to the brain.
that'll give you that'll give you the best results of it.
So I'm in on that day, I'm literally laying in a hospital bed for several hours.
Having you know what the catheter and in my neck as they process the blood and the what the treatment but normally there's a in plasmofasis there's an in and an out.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, it goes out one and it goes in.

[SPEAKER_08]
What so they're able to do it with a single

[SPEAKER_09]
They go in and out with a single poke?
They go in and out with a single poke.

[SPEAKER_08]
Now, laying there, I couldn't really see it, but I could hear a little, almost like a drilling sound, I think, where, well, actually, they send something down all the way into your heart from your vein.
It goes down.
I didn't get to see this.
I didn't figure this out until, actually, my fourth treatment.
But yeah, so there's actually three different connections in there.
One, so they can add in other nutrients because they're taking everything out of your blood and there's nutrients that you should have in your blood.
So I think they add some things back in and that's the reason why there's actually three ports off the catheter in the neck.
One in, one out, and then one so they can add something.
So the difference in the DFPA treatment that they do in Japan versus here is that, well, one, they use your own blood, so you're not getting blood off the shelf that already has pollutants in it, but they have a filtration process that the filter is specifically designed to take out the amyloids and get the bad things out of your blood.
And so I'm told that's one of the main differences between the treatment in Japan versus anything they offer in other places.

[SPEAKER_09]
And so what I've been through the plasmapheresis myself.
So it was typically it's a one shot deal.
It's maybe an hour to two hours or so you're on the machine.
And then then you're done.
So I'm curious why
this is a multi-day thing, like why isn't it done after the first day?

[SPEAKER_08]
What's going on?
So my first day was the DFPA treatment, right?
And then they finished it off back up in the hospital room and then they give me stem cell growth factors through the open port on my neck.
There's no sense in puncturing my arm for that on that day.
The other four days of the week, I'm in a stem cell growth factor clinic.
So we just, you just walk in, you spend about an hour in a clinic with an IV in your arm.
So you do that.
And then it's basically rinse and repeat.
After the second session, my blood was not completely clear of amyloid.
So I decided to stay the two more weeks and just kind of do it again and try to get, you know, completely amyloid free.
I may as well be able to go home.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
So you did the filter filtering again, basically.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
So four times.
Yeah, the filter was done four times.
And did you notice a change after each?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it got progressively better.
I'm still waiting to hear, Kevin, about my final treatment and, you know, just, is it amyloid-free?
And in three months, I'm going to send my blood back to Kevin, check again because, I mean, this is new.
I'm patient number 12.
It works great.
But if I still have spike proteins and spike proteins are causing amyloids,
if I still have the spike proteins, I'm gonna need this again, probably at some point, at least I'm open to that as being a possibility.
Hopefully they're gone forever.
But again, the vaccine teaches your body to create spike proteins.
So I don't know how you un-teach your body.
That's what they're hoping the stem cell growth factors are gonna do is allow for the repair and get them back to their original state.
Patient number one is eight or nine months out now.
So eight or nine months is all we have day down.

[SPEAKER_03]
I think they're on patient 17 or 18 now.
I spoke with Lindsay last night who's in Japan having this treatment done and I think they're on patient 18 at this point.

[SPEAKER_09]
What were the results for the patients who had done it before you?
I mean, is he getting like a 90% patients are better and 10% there's no change or what are the statistics?

[SPEAKER_08]
Okay, so yeah, so that's a great question.
So I sat there every day with other patients and there were different levels of responses.
I would say for most of us, the brain fog,
Well, the Parkinson's, as it says on my exit form, went away right away.
A lot of the patients that I'm there with have underlying health conditions.
They have organ failure going on.
They have heart issues.
They were in maybe way worse shape than I am.
Well, I'd rather have my brain than
than anything else.
But the shot is so horrible that it's all over your body.
One thing I still have a little bit of is, well, I refused to look at my feet for the last year because I knew something was horribly wrong.
But the feeling came back again in my toes and they look better.
But I still feel like something's not quite right with this thing.
So, I mean, but I'm complaining about my toes.
Patient number 14 has four different organs he's having problems with.
I'm all attributed to the shot.
Of course, I haven't been run through the wringer at a hospital and having all my organs checked.
I kind of feel something in my heart once in a while.
I'm going to go back into the USA healthcare system now and talk to them, but I really don't dread that.

[SPEAKER_09]
So, so no more shots for you.
Is that a fair statement?
You're not going to get a measles vaccine or anything like that, right?
No, they're not going to touch me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Robert, keep in touch with us.
Thank you so much for sharing your journey.
It's so new to all of us.
So I really, really appreciate you letting us know how you're doing and what it was like, and it gives others hope.
We don't all know the answers to how to cure ourselves, but that's the problem.
We all have to try our own path.
And it's just really refreshing to see people getting better this late in the game.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's why I wanted to share this experience.
If I could help just one person go to the right place, and they gotta bring it here eventually.
They gotta just admit it, but we'll see.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Agreed.
Yes.
Thank you, Robert.
I'm gonna bring on our next guest.
Britt Galvin.
Britt, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm doing okay.
Livia, how are you?

[SPEAKER_01]
Doing well.
So thank you for coming on.
I'm going to read your bio before we continue.
Britt Galvin is a Florida-based business development professional with more than two decades of experience in the professional employer organization industry, working with companies on employee benefits, risk management, and growth.
After developing serious health issues following her COVID vaccination, her life and career were abruptly disrupted.
As she sought care, her condition was repeatedly dismissed
leaving her without clear answers or meaningful support.
In response, Britt began speaking out using her background in relationship building and digital platforms to create a growing online presence focused on wellness, resilience, and recovery.
Today, with meaningful improvement in her health,
She continues to share her story and advocate for greater awareness, transparency, and better support for those navigating similar challenges.
And again, thank you for joining us and I'll let Angela and Steve continue.

[SPEAKER_03]
Brett, before Steve starts really quick, both Steve and I are like jumping in the bit.
We keep interrupting each other.
I just want to thank you so much, Brett, for all you do for all of the vaccine injured all over the world.
You're on social media every day.
You give so many others hope.
You fundraise for other people.
You have been through hell and back, but you are out there just taking care of everybody else and shining a bright light.
And I can't tell you how many injured have reached out to me saying,
If Brit can do it, I can do it.
So you're followed all over the world by these injured who just love and adore you.
And thank you so much for all that you do for us because you're always fundraising for a lot of our injured that we have on our show, helping others while you've had to help yourself.
And so I just wanted to get that out there.
I love you so much.

[SPEAKER_04]
Love you too.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Go ahead, Steve, I'll let you take it away.

[SPEAKER_09]
OK, so tell us your story.
What vaccine did you get?
What brand?
What shot number?
What were your symptoms?
What happened after the shot?
How did you know it was the vaccine?
And then what did the doctors?
The doctors know this, so if it was a vaccine injury, I'm sure they would tell you, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, yeah, that's a very, very loaded question, Steve.
We could talk all day about my story.
But I will try to condense it for the sake of everyone tonight.
So my first, they were Moderna.
I did not want the shots whatsoever in the industry that I'm in.
I deal with healthcare, not necessarily a nurse or in a hospital, but my job is to visit different organizations and to
enroll their people so you know into benefits and workers comp and so I was meeting with people one-on-one and our the ceo of the company I was with at the time was very very very manipulative he was a labor law attorney so um actually every c level at our company was a labor law attorney so they started making it very well known that if we didn't get vaccinated then we couldn't do our job we couldn't go anywhere in person we couldn't
You know, doing sales, if anyone's ever been in sales, they know that is our the majority of the income.
My husband is a deputy sheriff, so I'm the breadwinner.
And with three children, you know, you get you've heard the stories before.
So it came to the point to where they demanded it.
They said, if you don't get them, you can't do your job.
If you can't do your job, then you can't sell.
If you don't sell, you're fired.
Um, I have rheumatoid arthritis.
I was diagnosed back in 2016.
So I just did a little bit of research, clearly not enough.
And I called my rheumatologist and I said, I don't want to get this.
Can I set an appointment?
I want to talk to him.
I need an exemption.
I didn't even know if they existed.
I didn't know what I was doing, but I just asked.
And, um, the secretary came back on the phone.
I'll never forget it.
And she said, Dr. Mugney said that he's not going to take an appointment with you.
You need to get the shot.
And I said, well, he hasn't even seen me.
How does he know?
And she said, every single one of his patients needs to get the shot.
And so I realized I had no out.
So I went and walked into Publix in Florida.
We have the Publix, which is a grocery store in a pharmaceutical or a pharmacy.
And I said, I'm really scared.
I filled out the form where I put that I had had all these issues, that I had autoimmune, that I was scared to get this, that I had
issues and the pharmacist said to me, you're not going to have any side effects.
Don't worry.

[SPEAKER_09]
You just need to come in.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a relief.
So I sat down and
They put the shock in my arm and I sat there for a minute and I was like, okay, well, I seem fine.
So I went and did a little grocery shopping, maybe 30 minutes, went home and I just started to feel very feverish, very flush.
My body started tingling all over.
I will say that at the time I did not even correlate the two.
I thought I was getting the flu.
I'm not one to take pharmaceuticals or pain meds or anything like that.
So the pain started getting worse throughout the day and I called my husband, he was on duty and I said, I don't know what to do.
And he said, well, do what you always do.
Take a really hot bath.
You're probably just getting sick.
So take a hot bath to ease the pain.
So I did that I think four times that night and the pain throughout the night just started getting worse and worse.
Also that what I did not correlate that I do now is I had like explosive GI symptoms, which is also why I thought it was the flu.
those started immediately.
And within a couple of days, I started to feel a little bit better.
So I didn't think to call anybody or do anything.

[SPEAKER_09]
In fact, this is shot number one, by the way, shot number one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
And this was was Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_04]
This was Moderna, Moderna, sorry, March 24 2021.
So yeah, really early in.

[SPEAKER_09]
So it's amazing how we can remember those dates, isn't it?
Yeah, I remember my anniversary sometimes.
By the way, I was watching this video about manipulation techniques and one of the key manipulation techniques that people use is to tell you what the expectation is before you have something so that they can set in your mind that the expectation is that you're not going to have anything that's caused by the shots and so
Because they set that expectation in your mind, you don't associate the reaction.
So you can have a reaction like 30 minutes after the vaccine.
And because they set these this expectation that the vaccines are perfectly safe and effective, you basically don't do the association.
Whereas if they hadn't have said anything that you would be much more likely or if they had said, hey, you know, watch out for side effects, you would have been much more likely to have made the association sooner than you did, right?
It just shows you how powerful that suggestion that they told you that this is safe and effective.
And so you didn't associate your symptoms with the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and you know, it's interesting.
In fact, just a little fun fact is when I did walk into that Publix to get that shot at that time on that date and everyone can fact check it, you had to be 60 or older.
It was 60 or older to get the shot.
I had no letter saying I needed it.
I am clearly not 60.
You know, this was five years ago, so I was even younger.
and they didn't question a single thing.
So beyond the form of marking yes and it's saying you need to see your doctor before you get the shot, them telling me that nothing was going to happen, and me not even being of age at the time with the emergency use authorization, it was just mind-boggling.
All right.

[SPEAKER_09]
So I want to hear how the symptoms progress since then.
And then what happened when you went back to your employer?
And did you ever go back to your employer and confront your employer and say, you guys forced me to take this shot and this thing has destroyed my health?
And did you go back to your doctor who refused to even see you and say, hey, this thing, did you know that this thing has destroyed my health?
I wanted to let you know about it.
What do you think about that?
Did you ever get feedback from either of them after the?

[SPEAKER_04]
It got really bad.
So, you know, essentially they forced me to get the second one.
I told them that I had.

[SPEAKER_09]
After the first one, they forced you to get the second one?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, and they told me that if I didn't, two places forced me, my job and the pharmacy called me the day before because at that time you had like a 20-something day period and if you passed that, you had to start over again.
So the pharmacy called me and said, if you don't come in for the second one, you will have to get both all over again.
So I called my HR and I said, look, I had this reaction.
I'm really scared to get the second one.
I don't wanna get it again.
No one's correlating it, but I'm starting to feel like it is.
I'm not feeling good.
And they said, if you don't, then you can't come to work.
So I went and I got the second one.
And 13 days later, I started developing very significant symptoms.
It started with, well, I will say first, I mean, this is the first thing that happened that I noticed was the magnetism that you've seen.
I am known as the magnet girl, unfortunately, in the entire world.
I was the very first person to go public with the magnetism that I'm aware of.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I had no idea.
We had someone on our team.
We had somebody on our team that worked with us, Lauren.
Steve, do you remember?
Lauren was on our team.
She had the exact same thing happen to her as well.
It's a thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I have it recorded.
I mean, that was just the very first thing that I noticed.
And it started on the arm on the exact spot, which I proved.
I started going live every day because I didn't know what was happening.
I started getting on my social media.
It blew up.
It went to like over 13 million people in the first night.
I was getting death threats.
I was being told to kill myself.
People were telling me how to kill myself, giving me directions.
Wow, that's helpful.
I had people in states see my legs, something really hurts.
You know, it hurts, but I can't feel them.
It's the strangest pain I've ever felt in my life.
And he said, go take a shower.
And he took our daughter to swim lessons.
So he leaves before I get up out of the bed.
I go to try to get up out of the bed and I have to physically pull my legs.
And the bathroom was maybe five to 10 feet from my bed.
I got to the shower like army crawled to the shower and I had a bench in there and I'm sitting in there and I felt like I was passing out.
So I got out of the shower very quickly.
I wrapped a towel around me.
I grabbed my phone and I felt my body starting to leave me like I literally felt my body like I was going to die.
and I don't know what was happening to me at the time I just felt I was like fading somehow I made it downstairs all the strength call it the mom hero and you you know your moms get through anything I got downstairs my German Shepherd starts crawling on top of me you know licking me so I knew he felt something was wrong I called 911
and I don't remember much after that.
Other than the paramedics coming through my front door, my arms were raised above my head.
They could not, they physically could not pull them down.
My CO2 levels in my body were so low that I was like, it was like a paralyzed, like above my head.
It was the strangest thing.
At first they tried to blame my breathing, but they realized I wasn't hysterical whatsoever.
I was just literally staring at them with tears falling down my eyes.
I did not know what was happening they took me to a detox hospital and thought that I was on drugs and instead of taking me to I'm in Tampa Bay there are there's a there's a level 1 emergency hospital 5 minutes from my home they took me to a heroin detox hospital and.
It was only at that point that I realized no one's going to believe me.
This is from the vaccine.
Nobody is going to believe me.
And so I started saying out loud this is from the vaccine.
There's no other explanation.
I've never had these issues in my life.
And so the nurses, I could hear them talking to my neighbors about how long they've been in detox and this and that.
And the nurses asked me over and over again if I did drugs.
I said, no, they drug tested me without my consent anyway.
When it came back negative, they brought in a robot neurologist.
And the neurologist on the robot asked me all these questions.
And next thing you know, I'm being transferred to another hospital.
When I got to that hospital- Another detox hospital?
No, this was an actual hospital.
Thank God.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_04]
So they sent me to where they realized I wasn't detoxing and that when I got to that hospital, I was there for maybe three days and they did test after test.
I showed them the magnetism.
I videotaped myself showing them and I had forks and spoons and knives and scissors and
Q tip, or Q, what are they called, toenail clippers.
I had everything sticking to my head and my chest, my arms, everywhere, literally everywhere.
And the doctors, you just see them on the video, like looking at me and going, huh.
Like they had no idea.
So they sent me for MRI after MRI, x-ray after x-ray.
The MRI tech actually told me he thought that I was injured as a child and my parents just didn't tell me and I must have something stuck in my arm.

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, and so all this started happening after you put a magnet under a bandaid.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, like I said, I didn't correlate the first few symptoms, but until after, but the significant symptoms happened after.
Correct.

[SPEAKER_09]
So that was the one sort of quote mistake that you made.
That was the right, but it's coincidence.
It's an interesting coincidence.

[SPEAKER_04]
Interesting coincidence.
Now looking back, I was having significant spine pain, so it was interesting to hear Evan talk about his spine.
That's the first time I've really heard that.
My spine, you know, before I got the second shot, I had flown to Mexico for an awards trip and I couldn't even sit on the airplane on my way home.
I was in such significant pain.
I've never really talked about that because I've never heard anyone but Evan say that.
But my spine issues got much worse.
Fast forward, this was the first time I heard a neurologist tell me, I think this is from the Moderna.
Even though he said that and he put it on my record, no other doctor would acknowledge it.
They all told me that that neurologist was crazy and they sent me home.

[SPEAKER_09]
The neurologist is crazy now too.
So not only are you crazy, but, but your doctor is crazy too.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
So less than a week later.

[SPEAKER_09]
Did anyone, did anyone else at work?
How, how, how many employees at your work and did anyone else at your work also have vaccine injuries?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, it's interesting as they, they didn't tell me they did, but I was going public.
So what I was told was that I was embarrassing and that I was a disappointment.
and that I should not mention my place of work.
And I mean, those are the types of things I was told instead of, you know, I'm sorry, and are you okay?
I was completely ignored by the CEO.
They didn't acknowledge me.
I was actually encouraged to go on FMLA so that they didn't have to pay me.
So yeah, the place of work.

[SPEAKER_09]
Did they support you at all?
Did they pay you?

[SPEAKER_04]
They did for a little bit.
I ended up quitting that job later, but they did a little bit and then they forced me for it to go on FMLA a little bit for a little while because it did get worse.
So about a week after that, that second hospital sent me home, the feeling in my legs got really heavy again and it would get heavy day and day after day.
And so I went to the hospital, I think two or three times back and forth, back and forth over the next week to two weeks.
And, um,
That second shot was May 4th, and by the time a hospital kept me and did a spinal tap, it was the beginning of June.
And it was a nurse practitioner who caught it, and he said, I think you have something called Guillain-Barre.
And I said, I was calling it Gillian Barr.
I had no idea.
I'm like, what's Gillian Barr?
And he's like, I don't wanna talk to you about it.
I don't wanna scare you, but we're gonna do a spinal tap and I'm gonna admit you first and you're gonna do a spinal tap over the next few days.
I said, okay.
So they admitted me.
As soon as they got me upstairs, that doctor refused to do the spinal tap.
It took me calling an outside doctor outside of the hospital that had been my family doctor my whole life to call the hospital and demand the spinal tap.

[SPEAKER_09]
Why did the doctor refuse to give you the spout up?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think because it was I kept saying I was a vaccine injury and by this point I was being harassed by nurses.
The police were called on me.
I was told by the nurses I was told not to film myself in my hospital room anymore.
The security of the hospital came up.
The administrator of the hospital came to my room and I was pretty much handcuffed to like not talking about it whatsoever.

[SPEAKER_09]
Handcuffed, like physically handcuffed or?
No, no, no, no.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK. Like they just, they brought the police into my room.
So I was deathly afraid, but I didn't care.
I still kept filming.
I mean, Angela knows this.
I kept filming.
Because I thought they were trying to kill me.
I'm like, these people know what is happening to me.
I cannot feel my legs.
You could stick a knife in my leg right now and it does not hurt me.
There is something wrong.
They started asking my husband if we were having marital issues, if I was depressed, if I was suicidal.
They tried to give me antidepressants.
And I was on, they ended up doing the spinal tap because my doctor, and I didn't have the results back.
They said some of them were preliminary, but that it would take four or five days for the results to come back.
So they sent me home again while I waited for the results.
So after I got home, I realized about 24 hours after, I couldn't lift my neck off my pillow.
I could not lift my neck.
It was such severe pain.
I just couldn't do it.
And so I started researching myself.
This is what Angela says when she says that I know more about doctors.
I had to Google everything that I know about myself.
Not one doctor has ever taught me a single thing.
And so at this point I called the hospital to speak to the nurses that treated me and I said I'm having these symptoms.
I don't know what to do because you guys have sent me home so many times and he said you need to drink a six pack of Coke.
And I said, what are you talking about?
He said, well, you have a spinal leak from the tap.
and that they're common and it's not a problem.
You need to drink some soda, drink caffeine.
So I drank a six pack of Coke and it did nothing.
So I went back to the hospital.
At this point, I'm in a wheelchair.
I cannot walk.
I get into the hospital.
I'm there for another four or five days.
I'm being gaslit, mistreated the whole time.
They're not doing anything.
They didn't call a cardiologist because by the way, by the time I was also having significant chest pain, like significant, on the fourth or fifth day, I called them my white coat heroes.
The neural a different neurologist came in with his team, his whole team.
And I was like packing up my stuff.
I was crying.
I was like, I'm getting out of here.
I'm just going to go.
I literally thought I'm just going to kill myself.
Like, this is just crazy.
And he walked in.
He said, where do you think you're going, Mrs. Galvin?
And I said, I'm done.
I'm done with you people.
And he said, you have Gillian Barr, Guillain-Barre, you know.
And I said, what?
He said, you have Guillain-Barre.
You're not going anywhere.
We're starting treatment immediately.
And I just started crying, like bawling.
And I said, is this from the vaccine?
And he said, yes, it is.
And he looked at the nurse and he said, you need to go report it to VAERS right now.
Right now.
Get out of this hospital room and go report it to VAERS.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
And did they call the police on the doctor?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, but they never reported it to VAERS.
The story gets so, I mean, we literally could take all day on my story.
Wow.
It gets so bad, but I did treatment.
They did IVIG treatment.
I was diagnosed.
A cardiologist did eventually come that day because now all of a sudden I wasn't a liar and I wasn't crazy and I wasn't having marital problems.
Now all of a sudden what I was saying was true in every way.
And I was told that a nurse that worked there was a few doors down from me with the same condition, Guillain-Barre, from the same Moderna shot at the same time as me.
Meanwhile, the vice president of the United States was on my TV in the hospital room.
I actually recorded it.
saying that there were no injuries from these vaccines.
I did the treatments.
I was diagnosed with pericarditis.
I was diagnosed with postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome.
I was diagnosed with neuropathy.
I was diagnosed with a pineal cyst.
I was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre.
Mass cell activation.
Mass cell activation was the most recent.
Diagnosed no the most recent was gallbladder a dead gallbladder zero percent functioning.
I have a vascular disorder I've internally bled just two months ago when they removed my gallbladder They did nick an artery, but what typically should have stopped the bleeding immediately it took I mean I died pretty much and
And I received five units of blood.
I was in ICU critical care because my my Vascular system just doesn't clot.
I do not I have the opposite of the micro clots.
I have no clotting So if I ever get into a car accident or bleed or whatsoever, I have significant risk of dying But it's yeah, it's it's been quite the ride I have had to treat myself from every
Every way I lost a lawsuit for a car accident because they what they did.
I've done over 50 interviews.
I'm on 11 billboards.
I'm in two documentaries just all talking trying to raise awareness and I'm very very public and so along with being gaslight and told to kill myself.
I also was told by you know, I had a car accident prior to all of this and I justifiably deserved money.
I've had four spine surgeries.
And I lost the lawsuit because the judge told me that my vaccine injury took precedence and that they can't tell if my spine is injured from the vaccine or from the car accident.
So it's, you know, that was a $7 million lawsuit.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
Did Moderna ever investigate this?

[SPEAKER_04]
So Moderna and bears both I have recorded I've gone viral for that too because I don't care how much trouble I get into I have Moderna on recording telling me that you know this was in in June when I called them all this was going on and I called Moderna and told them I'm reporting this this is what's going on.
And I have them admitting to me that they're getting very a lot of calls like a ton of calls and a ton of reports and that they're overwhelmed with calls.
That is the most I got out of Moderna.
They also told me do not file for the vaccine injury thing, whatever it's called Angela because they said that we didn't qualify because it was an experimental vaccine.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I have them on.
So I found out it wasn't reported to bears afterwards.
The hospital did not.
So I called the hospital time and time again.
I threatened a lawyer.
I told them I was in the room when the doctor told you to report it to bears.
I want this reported.
I want my case counted.
And again, long story short, I discovered that after speaking to bears 100 times, they had only 83 people in their intake system.
So out of the entire world, or entire United States, out of all of these people reporting their injuries to VAERS, they had literally 83 people taking it in.
And how the system works is when you have somebody report something to VAERS, they then have to collect all the documentation in order to prove that it's valid to investigate.
That's not even counting that it works.
People are so uneducated on the VAERS process.
Then once they get that, they tie it up with a pretty red bow.
They make sure they're not missing any information.
Then they will send it over to the CDC and they require them to investigate it.
Once it's over at the CDC, then they investigated themselves, do their interviews, collect their documentation.
Only then will the CDC decide if you actually count in those numbers or not.
So that day when I was watching the vice president say that no, no injuries had happened.
Nobody knew that all these, all this entire process has to happen.
I am still to this day not counted as a Guillain-Barre or Potts or
mcast or pericarditis or dead gallbladder victim of the Moderna because the CDC never investigated because there's said that the hospital quit responding.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm going to say that's that's how it's so safe is all you have to do is make sure that the safety records never get filed.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's why it's safe and effective because according to the president, it looks safe and effective because the very system is broken.

[SPEAKER_09]
They have no evidence that it's not safe because they're not collecting it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I've had celebrities mock me.
I've had like literally celebrities have videotaped my videos and mocked me.
It's crazy.

[SPEAKER_09]
Do any of these celebrities actually reach out and talk to you before they mock you or do they just mock you based on what they've heard?

[SPEAKER_04]
They just mocked me based on what they heard.
And then so by, you know, then you've got millions of people attacking you.
And so part of the reason that I've used my voice and raised money for people and done what I've done is because it's just so the justice like it'll never be there if we don't create it ourselves.
And I truly
Believe that for now in our lifetime anyway.
So I'll never stop talking about it.
I don't sleep in it.
I always tell my you know everybody that I support you can go through something and not stay in that frame of mind.
You can tell yourself you're going to get through it.
And that no matter how you get through it, whether you end up leaving this world or not, because of the condition, you're going to make it known that this is what happened to you.
And you're going to matter.
Good for you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good for you.
Good for you.

[SPEAKER_03]
You are so strong, Britt.
Yeah, you're so strong.
I'm here in New Orleans right now with Angelia Tissel.
And she's been in the same situation as you.
I mean, she's been mocked, ridiculed.
I mean, even Alex Berenson wrote a piece on her.
She's been on front pages.
say that she's taking her injuries, she's had people make fun of her, you know, when she was in the hospital shaking like a leaf, couldn't walk, they've taken that, they've mocked it, they've said that she's been making it up and it's just horrific.
It's terrific what you guys have been through, what all of us have been through when we were the ones, you know, us anti-vaxxers, we were the ones
that raised up our sleeve.
We did it because we were promised to be safe and effective.
And then when you get injured, not only do you not get health care, resources, financial support, you get made fun of.
And you get slapped with a neurological functional neurological disease and put on a Benzo and antidepressants because we're now crazy.
It's so inhumane and criminal what's happened.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
My neurologist that's treating me now, um, he's, he's a great guy.
I really like him.
He would shut the door and take off his mask and tell me, you know, I believe you, I just can't talk about it.
Um, and so over time he has gotten louder about it, of course, but he straight up told me like, we as doctors are not taught how to cure you.
We're taught how to treat you.
And that was a realization for me.
Like they, they are not going to fix me.
So I've been to Mexico, like I've done hyperbaric chamber, I have done the IVIG, I have literally done everything but replace, well, I did replace all the blood in my body just recently, didn't I?
But, you know, with five units that I have no idea if are vaccinated or not.
So, you know, the body twitching continues.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Outrageous.
And that they told you experimental on your lawsuit,
Yeah, because they're protected under emergency use authorization.
And that was like the first time I've heard a case where they actually acknowledged a vaccine injury.
Therefore, we can't decide whether it was the car accident or the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_04]
Therefore, you can't like it's the judge told me there is not a single case in history like mine.
And you know what?
What also they got me on was when they did my deposition for the car accident, they asked me if I had ever been in a federal lawsuit before.
And I said no.
Like I've never even been arrested or, I mean, most I've had as a speeding ticket.
And they were tricking me because when I first came out with my injury, frontline doctors asked me if they could use my story to help raise awareness and stop the mandates.
And I said, yes, of course you can use my story.
I was letting anybody use my story.
And frontline doctors had used my story in one of their lawsuits and the court system said, you lied.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, the courts are useless in this situation in all of these situations.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's actually amazing how many I've been deleted from social media and I didn't get my accounts back three times.
And I've been banned on Facebook, banned from TikTok, banned from Linktree, which was weird.
Linktree?

[SPEAKER_09]
I've never even heard of Linktree, not LinkedIn.

[SPEAKER_04]
People used to like host their links.
But it's interesting.
Hundreds of thousands of people have messaged me over the years and told me that they are going through the same symptoms and they have no support.
It's just really sad.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, no, it's like everybody's been believes the authorities were trained to trust the authorities and and we're trained to ignore people who are saying that the authorities are spreading misinformation.

[SPEAKER_03]
What I was taking care of Alexis in the hospital and I was getting death threats and messages like you're not even a real nurse Who do you think are and Brit was such a sweetheart?
She I had taken a bunch of she's like do you have anything to prove that you're a nurse Angela so I had given her a bunch of my Performance evaluations from the hospital showing the type of nurse I was and she put together a cute little video compilation of
I'm saying, this is the fake nurse that's taking care of Alexis.
I mean, it was just, you're such a sweetheart for doing that.
But yeah, the things that we have to go through, I mean, just to prove, like, I'm not gonna go give out my nursing license so that people can report me to the nursing boards, but it's unreal, unreal what we've been through.

[SPEAKER_01]
Unreal, what all of you have been through.
I want to bring back Bob and Evan into the conversation.
I'm just floored by all of your stories.
It's just incredible.
And how many others are out there?
Thousands and thousands of stories that are out there with similar, maybe not as completely outrageous, but outrageous nonetheless.

[SPEAKER_03]
Millions worldwide.
There's millions around the world.
It's so rare that there's millions of us, and that's the problem.
They can't stop us because there's too many.
There's too many of us.
I've got this sweetheart right here.
This is Angelia, who has been through hell and back.
And the one beautiful thing is that we've built some of the best friendships.
We've lost a lot of family and friends, but we've gained so much more.
you know, knowing Britt and Evan, who is just dear to me.
And, you know, it's so great, Robert, to see you doing so well.
And I always love being here with Angelia because she's been through hell on back and still suffers.
She was just in a flare, shaking like a leaf.
But three weeks, three weeks ago, she looked like she was injured all over again from day one.
So, yeah, it's quite the journey that we've been through.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
So in any of these, have any of these people who told you to get the vaccine or required you to get the vaccine or told you you were crazy, have any of them for any of you ever come back to you and apologize and said, oh, it looks like I was wrong.
I'm really, really sorry.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, not a one.

[SPEAKER_09]
Not a single one.

[SPEAKER_08]
They still don't believe me to this day.
They still don't believe me.
Wow.
Not a single one.

[SPEAKER_09]
That is, that is unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not a single one interview.
And, um, they asked me and I said, I told them this is, you know, it's not just that you forced me to do it.
It's the lack of acknowledgement after the fact, um, not even flowers to my hospital room when I was paralyzed.

[SPEAKER_01]
She is.
I mean, to this day, we're seeing so many people.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah, I was wondering, Britt, did you want to name your employer and give them credit for their their spectacular treatment of you and how caring like I'm sure a lot of people would like to know how such a caring company and would love to work for for a company that treats its employees the way that you were treated.

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't have a very good track record with the court system right now, so I don't know.
I don't know if they could sue me and he is a labor law attorney, but I will tell you it starts with an E and ends with an E and it's a P. E. O. not that hard to find.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay.
Easily.
Evan, I'm curious if hearing the stories of Britt and Robert are, you know, what they're doing and if there's some hope maybe in Japan for you.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, certainly there is.
I mean, it's just shattering to hear what they've been through.
The resilience, the courage to heal.
And that there could be a treatment for me in Japan is a very, very hopeful thing.
I'm actually going to be in Japan for treatment on May 12th.
So hopefully that will lead to some symptom relief, stop the progression.
Yeah, we'll certainly see what happens.
I'm very optimistic.

[SPEAKER_08]
Evan, reach out if you have any questions.
I'd love to be able to help you explain the treatment, what to expect, anything you can.
You'll be part of the family.
Me and 12 other patients are in a group text, and we text each other every day.
We share so much, not just from Japan, but from the past and the conditions we've been to.
So come join the family.
I can't wait to hear your results.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, thank you so much, Bob.
I will certainly do that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and I'm going to be closing tonight's episode with a video from patient number 14 that he shared on X that I just found yesterday.
So we'll get his firsthand account.
Evan, if people want to track your your progress, and I'm hoping you'll keep us up to date on on how you continue, how can people follow you or track your progress?

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, I don't really have any social media, but I will set one up while I go over there and my girlfriend and I will make some videos and tweet about it and try to document what's going on and share it with everybody.

[SPEAKER_01]
That would be wonderful.
And if you share it with us, we'll make sure it gets out there so that it might give some inspiration and hope to others in a very similar situation that you're in.
And Bob, how about you?
How do we follow you and your progress?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, you can find me on X. I don't even know my handle.
I just, you know, got on, I wanted to, you know, I was doing research on X and then I just got on, I wanted to document my trip.
I didn't really mean for it to go out on X, but the haters started coming at Nurse Lindsay because I was doing well.
So I decided to post some before and after videos and kind of, well, that blew up.
And I guess that's why I'm here talking to you guys today.

[SPEAKER_01]
Great.
Well, it found its way here and you're here with us.
So yes, please continue and we'll share that also going forward.
And Britt, your story just blew my mind.
What you've gone through physically, emotionally is just tragic.
And I appreciate you continuing to go out there and share your story.
And how does our audience continue to follow your work?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I'm, I'm on Instagram for now.
Hopefully knock on whatever would it doesn't get deleted again as Brit underscore Galvin.
So it's underscore Galvin.
I stay off of the rest of them to be honest, the death threats and stuff.
Just, I try to stay really focused in a positive move forward way.
And I feel like every other platform for me personally was was just too much.
So I just stay on Instagram, but I do, I mean, I'm on there daily.
Some days it's about the vaccine awareness and some days it's not.
I try to live a normal life.
I try to project that you can live fully after trauma, even if the trauma keeps hitting.
And so I'd love to have anybody join that story who's suffering and needs support.
We have a huge supportive community.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so find Britt and Janet will put that link in the chat as well.
and continue building that community.
And Angelia, you're halfway in the shot.
How do we follow you and your work as we, you know, we love you.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's just Angelia DeSalle.
My major platform is Facebook because, you know, ex the trolls come after me.
I'm actually on my third account because of the censorship and just
like Britt said, the death threats.
So I'm Angelina DeSalle on Facebook.
I don't have all the answers, but I can give you love and support and just guide you through your daily life.

[SPEAKER_03]
And, and Angelina and I are evidence right now of life after trauma and vaccine injury and friendships that are made.
And we are, we, you know, in between the flare ups, we go out and we live our best life and have a good time.
You're always welcome to contact any of us and we will be there for you.
We're definitely a family and we love and support all those who are suffering and we have wonderful days and we're not going to stop until everybody else gets that as well.
It's a journey.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank, thank you for that.
And I want to wish all of you continued progress and, uh, and getting better with these, these are called these vaccine injuries.
Just it's awful.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Let's, uh, let's include a shout out, um, to engage PEO for their, uh, humanitarian treatment of their employees.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
And a shout out to Kevin McCarran for continuing to help.

[SPEAKER_08]
He's a miracle worker.
I owe those guys my life.

[SPEAKER_01]
Can't say enough good things.
We'll have to follow up with another episode soon with Kevin and maybe we can have you back, Bob, and maybe we could do that after Evan goes out there.
That would be great.
So thank you for being with us everyone.
Please hang in there.
I guess some quick announcements and a closing video.
And I want to just announce that as you all know, VSRF is a small grassroots nonprofit and everything we do is made possible by your support.
If you're able, please consider supporting us.
Text VSRF to here.
Let me put this on the screen.
VSRF to 53555 or visit vacsafety.org backslash donate.
If you haven't already, please take a moment to sign our petition.
to appeal the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act and share it with your friends, family, coworkers, and across your social media networks.
We're seeing real momentum right now, and this is a unique window where your voice can truly make an impact.
Every signature, every share, every action helps move this forward.
Thank you for being part of this and for helping us continue this mission.
And Janet, we'll put the link in the chat.
And then next week, we have another fantastic guest
Let me get this up on the screen.
Jan Jekielek is coming back to discuss his new book, Killed to Order, China's Organ Harvesting Industry and the True Nature of America's Biggest Adversary.
We'll examine the investigation behind it, the global implications, and the important questions it raises about transparency and safeguards here in the United States.
It's a conversation you won't want to miss next Tuesday.
Same time, same place, Rumble and X.
And Steve and Angela, thank you for, this was a powerful episode.
Really just incredible hearing all these stories and some hope, some hope.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, that's why we're here.
We're here for the vaccine injured and these stories are just so important to share to the world.
These are real people with horrific things happening.
And these are three stories, but there's millions out there.
And so thank you so much for sharing such personal details of what's happened to you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, absolutely.
I wish more people did that because a lot of people are vaccine injured and they just go undercover because of exactly the issues that you all raised.
I mean, all of you are very courageous for speaking out and going public and you've endured that.
Has everybody gotten death threats?
Who's gone public?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_06]
Evan?
No, but I haven't really gone public up until now.
I mean, I was just on the React 19 group.
So maybe after I'm updating people around what happens in Japan.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Evan, if you need help fighting the trolls, you know where to find me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Brent and Angela are the queen.

[SPEAKER_04]
Don't let them silence you.
Your voice matters.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, the trolls are evil, but there you can get back at them.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm curious, why haven't you gone public earlier, Evan?

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, just the emotional toll of that on top of everything that I'm going through.
I just haven't had the energy to fight that aspect of the battle yet, but trust me, I am very ready to fight once I have a little more strength in me.
And I'm hoping that I am able to come back and rejoin
the people like you who are holding the powers that be to account.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, go ahead.
No, Evan's been fighting for his life these last four years.
It's been really touched and go for him really, really hard.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, Evan, you're such a soft-spoken guy.
I think it might be very compelling for you to do short videos, just being super calm about it and saying, hi, my name is this.
This is what happened to me.
And I'm just going public just to warn other people that this can happen to you too.
And just do it that way.
Just be factual about it.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think you're right.
And I think it's just about time.
I think when I head over there, there'll be the right energy and the right focus.
And I think I'm ready to tell that.

[SPEAKER_09]
And then and also talk about I haven't gone public with this before.
You know, you can you can start off that way, because that will get people to to listen in to what what is what is your secret that you've been hiding and and that you're making a major admission.
I think it'd be pretty, very compelling.

[SPEAKER_04]
That too, and I just want to add, Evan, if you, you know, I know it's very scary to come forward with something like that, but there's something very comforting in finding a community of people that some, something similar has happened to them, you know, and it will help you get through.

[SPEAKER_03]
And then we'll connect you with Robert.
Robert, you were going to say something before we cut you off.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, yeah, we asked about death threats.
I mean, the trolls did come after me pretty hard on X, but I was not mentally capable until now of going out there and trying to, you know, fight and lead.
And there was no really now there's, you know, I have something to share.
Right.
And so that's why I came out now.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you so much for doing that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, and thank you for sharing your stories tonight.
And tonight, on that note, we're going to close with a clip from Ken Evans, patient number 14, going under Kevin McCarran's treatment program.
And in this quick video, he explains his improvement, how the procedure works, and gives details about how to test your own blood if you suspect you may have microclotting.
Thank you for joining us.
And thank you, Evan, Robert, and Britt.
and Angela and Angela and Steve.
We'll see you all again next week.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hi everybody.
This is Ken Evans, patient number 14 in Atagawa hospital being treated for the COVID Pfizer vaccine injury.
After two weeks of treatment, the dimension like symptoms that I have have lifted.
I was felt like I was in a tunnel of like a zone and my brain fog is so much better.
I'm laughing and smiling again, which is something I haven't done in a long time.
The injuries that I had in the brain truly made me a shell of the person I used to be.
I had a hard time laughing and just acknowledging things.
So I'd like to explain the procedure of what it is.
The blood is being taken out of my body.
The plasma is separated from the blood and run through a secondary filter.
The filter has the ability to remove amyloid blood clots that are in the blood, misfolding proteins, and autoantibodies.
The combination of these three things just wreaked havoc on my entire immune system, all of my organs, my brain, my central nervous system.
So I have considered this treatment to be a huge success.
I have two treatments to go.
I've had two treatments.
So after my post last week, so many of my friends reached out to me that had similar symptoms that I have, or their friends, family, acquaintances were ill or dying.
And so I had a hard time responding to everyone.
So if this many of my friends know that people that are sick or dying, I just can't imagine how many people all over the world.
are suffering.
Today's message is more of the same as last.
I don't want to start mentioning the corruption of the CDC, the FDA, or Pfizer.
It's all coming out.
Everybody's heard.
You see it on social media.
But the statistics of death and gene mutation are horrific.
I mean, it's being passed down to babies now.
The IVF clinics are struggling to get people pregnant.
I know everybody's tired of hearing about COVID, I don't blame you.
You feel pretty good, you're not having any issues, no big deal.
Let's move on, yesterday's news, but not so fast.
You should see the patients here.
I'm seeing very violent legal patients here that are run back and they are collaborative blood clots.
Their nervous system and their neurological issues are very bad.
I don't think people really understand what is happening.
To all the social media trolls, let me just say that people's DNA and RNA are being modified.
And if you get pleasure out of seeing a good person suffering, it's ironic that you're too stupid to understand what is happening to people's cells.
This is not like the flu.
With three shots, over 120 trillion spike molecules enter your body.
It can affect every organ, tissue, brain, central nervous system, vascular system.
It could go wrong.
I got on social media because I saw the sick people here.
They are such nice people.
I wanted to get some help with studies on the spike protein.
I wanted at least one kind of treatment for people that are sick.
And maybe we could get some financial help for patients like me who wreck their retirement accounts and fly to a different country for treatment.
We had a good momentum for a few days, but then it just kind of fizzled out.
If you're having symptoms and want your blood tested for the clocks, I want you to reach out to Kevin McCarn.
He's leading this treatment program and has been studying cellular and genomics his entire life.
He understands physiology better than most doctors on the entire planet.
It's really simple to do.
You buy a few things on Amazon, put a few drops of blood on the slides and mail them to Kevin.
He then opens them on a Zoom call with you.
He analyzes them live on his microscope that is fully shown live on your screen.
Then he emails you a report with photos.
This is how you get in touch with Kevin.
So I did this video today before my sedation.
so that it wouldn't look so bad.
So treatment number three, here we go.
Blood clots, misfolding proteins, autoimmune antibodies, get out.
This is for you, Sharon and Brayson.
I love y'all and miss y'all.
Thank you.
