[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hello, everybody.
Welcome back to the second week of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation College livestream.
This week we're going to have two college students on.
We're going to kind of discuss what's happened at our colleges.
And then we're going to discuss what we have done to try to take action, what's worked for us, what hasn't worked for us.
And yeah, so hopefully other students can take this use it and fight back at their schools.
So we have Ryan Saminsky and Kate Corrigan here today.
So if you guys wanted to start off first by like saying a little about yourself where you do what you do, what your major is, what your year is, all that good stuff, the usual.
You can go first, Ryan.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi, everybody.
My name is Ryan.
I'm a college student in Chicago.
I'm on a flight math major.
I go to a technology institute.
And yeah, that's it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, sorry.
No worries.
No worries.
Thanks so much for having me on the show today.
My name is Kate Corrigan.
And I actually overturned my college's COVID-19 vaccine policy last April.
I was attending a seminary school in Indiana, Erlum College, or Erlum School of Religion.
And I currently should be studying at Boston University but was suspended due to COVID non-compliance.
And that was for a master's program.
But I currently live in New York on Long Island.

[SPEAKER_01]
Nice.
So, yeah, I guess we can start talking about what, so you said you got it overturned in April, Kate.
When did, so when did you get into, when did you realize like something was wrong, somebody needed to do something, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Definitely.
Yeah.
So I was mandated to get the COVID-19 vaccine April 2021 and the vaccine had just rolled out.
You know, this is all kind of very new to everybody.
And I believe that my college was, if not,
one if not the first one of the first colleges to mandate the vaccine for graduation.
Most students I think were mandated for you know the upcoming fall semester of 2021.
So I was mandated pretty early but I have a very interesting situation.
I have a long-standing religious exemption to vaccinations.
It's been accepted everywhere I've gone for
My bachelor's degree and then my first master's program.
And so my school had honored that while I was there.
And then all of a sudden they said, oh, we're no longer accepting this anymore.
We're not accepting any religious exemptions, which was just so crazy.
Each state has kind of their own sort of laws and rights for their own citizens.
And Indiana is very strong on protecting religious freedom.
So that's really great to know.
And I think that throughout this whole process, just knowing what rights we have has become so essential now.
The rights of small business owners, the rights of parents for raising their own kids, and the rights of college students going to these
crazy institutions that are full of indoctrination.
And so that was kind of like a big wake up call to me is that at least I kind of knew some rights as far as religious exemptions, because I've had one my whole life.
But yeah, I was mandated and then I had told my college, the administration, that I have a longstanding religious exemption and it's protected under these rights in Indiana and underneath the First Amendment of the US Constitution.
And you have to honor it.
And they didn't really like that so much, as you can imagine.
And so I ended up filing complaints with the Attorney General's office.
And within like a month later, this graduation was mid-May.
So about a month later, they just changed their policy and said, you're no longer required to get the vaccine.
And it was pretty quick, which I was very grateful for.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's great, yeah, that definitely is super early because I know most schools, they waited for the co-comernity to get approved, right?
So then they kind of had that shielding to say, well, it's approved.
We can require it like meningitis shots or something.
But of course, nobody can find co-comernity.
So how about you, Ryan?
When did it start for you?
And like how'd you get started speaking out and against these mandates?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I mean, I think,
I think it started for me prior to COVID.
I am someone who used to come from the left.
I mean, I used to, it was a big Bernie Sanders, Tulsi Gabbard supporter for 2020.
And I always fell with the Hillary Clinton campaign that they were using this us down rhetoric against people who were on the other side, you know, working class Americans.
We're not part of them.
And so that rhetoric kind of set off a red flag for me that something isn't right here.
And then March 2020 came and I was living in Minnesota at that time.
I worked really hard in high school.
Yeah, I worked my butt off in high school and I was a senior and everything got shut down.
I saw my community just got
torn into shreds, resembling something like China more than the America that I knew.
I saw everybody supporting it, the school closures, the business closures, all the closures that didn't make any sense as if the virus would have disappeared in two weeks.
None of it, and none of the logic added up to me.
It didn't add up to who I was living with at that time.
It did for all my friends though.
So it's back in March 2020.
Something was really, really wrong.
I spent my first year on college totally remote, totally online.
It was the most dry, depressing.
situation.
I mean, I didn't know what to do.
It's like all the colleges went online.
I had planned, you know, I got accepted into my school.
And so there wasn't a second choice.
It's not like going to a grocery store and you just go to somebody down the street.
Fortunately, students are kind of trapped in when it comes to their college career and credit that they've earned, acceptance letters, letters of recommendation.
This isn't a, you know, oh, I can just change myself as to who I'm consuming from.
Unfortunately, our colleges just don't work like that.
Our education system doesn't work like that.
So I stayed with my college.
They told me in spring of 20, what was it?
It was, they said that the vaccine would not have been mandated.
It was last spring, so spring of 2021.
No vaccine mandates.
And then it ended up, then they changed, they flip-flopped.
And in August, 2021, they ended up mandating it.
Then the booster mandate came, what was that?
When the booster came out, they told everybody over winter break that your first actionable item over winter break was to immediately go get a booster.
We had all the mandates.
We've had mass mandates and everything.
So yeah, it's been one heck of a ride.
I don't know if I would have went to college knowing what I know now.
and what I needed to put up with.
I don't think I would have worked this hard in high school knowing that this would have been the situation.
This is the future because, unfortunately, I don't see this getting any better.
This us-them mentality, even though COVID may be down right now the rates, I'm still seeing this othering that's going on and it is very scary to me.
and highly intelligent people I see, them not wanting to associate with a lot of people.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so I mean, that's really powerful, Ryan.
And you're exactly right about a lot of things like the division in the country has gotten terrible.
And there's no way that any of us can make progress when it is like that, right?
So I kind of, I'm the same way, you know, I grew up,
on in a pretty liberal family, but being from Ohio and like a smaller town guy, like, I don't know, at the same time, like I always held some values of the other side.
So I always felt like I was really right down the middle.
And then, of course, when this stuff happened, I get branded, you know, we get branded a right winger.
I saw you tweeted out the other day, something like that.
And
That's exactly how it's been.
And so I've kind of, I've just embraced it, I think, kind of like how you have.
And so if that's who's fighting for people's medical freedom now, then that's, I'll accept it.
So kind of moving forward with that.
I know, so.
You guys can both talk about kind of some of the things you've done.
Kate, you've set up students against mandates, which is awesome.
There's a lot of great resources on that.
And actually, Lucia from No College Mandates just told me about you the other day, and I didn't even know about it.
But that's great.
That's a great idea.
So you should tell us a little bit about that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, definitely.
And I just wanted to add on to what Ryan said, because it really resonated with me.
I was homeschooled growing up, and my family was kind of like a democratic constitutionalist.
That was kind of the family I grew up in, which those democratic constitutionalists don't really exist much anymore.
They've become more right.
And so we've seen such like a change within like our political dynamics and there's like a lot of intolerance.
And we could see it on both sides but I feel like the left that, because I had a lot of friends that were on the left and there's been so much of friendships being kind of ruined and families arguing over what's going on.
And I think that we need unity more than ever before.
And I think that comes from, like, a place of understanding, a place of also just being knowledgeable about what rights people have, because oftentimes people say, oh, well, you have to get it.
You know, like, if that's not unconstitutional, you can mandate a vaccine to enter a restaurant or you have to show proof of vaccination.
And I think that these kind of conversations we're having, it's like, well, if you actually read the Constitution and do know what rights we have, you can see that this is discriminatory, right?
You can see that we kind of have stepped into the situation of this is medical segregation that's going on, especially in New York and California.
And a lot of these, you know, more democratic cities where, you know, they've just normalized it like, oh, well, that's just normal.
That's what we do.
No, it's not normal.
And we cannot accept this new normal.
Because this is the destruction of America.
Similarly, you said comparing it to China, you know, I study abroad and
in Taiwan and in Northern India and learned a lot about Chinese communism.
And the parallels are just scary at this point.
But I will say, like I said, I was the first, probably one of the first students to get mandated for the vaccine back in April.
And I knew that there were other students like me, there had to be, other students like me that felt like,
Like they didn't want to get the vaccine.
They felt like these these colleges have become so communistic and are just very, you know, pushing their their their agenda as far as you need to get the vaccine.
We're all in community.
This is the right thing to do.
And we're hearing this repeat repeatedly right from the media from
different elected officials and from our teachers that we looked up to at one point.
And then I saw the tides change so quickly, so dramatically.
But I faced a lot of discrimination at my school.
I was actually removed from speaking at graduation.
I was removed from my online summer class because I didn't explain.
My professor was requiring me to explain myself for not getting the vaccine and to apologize to everyone, but I'm not apologizing.
Like this is crazy.
So, and there were a lot of harassing emails back and forth with my academic advisor.
And so I was removed from that online class.
My teacher actually asked me to not come to graduation, that he would pay me to not attend graduation.
And he said in one of his emails that I disobeyed him.
I mean, this is like real clown world as far as disobeying a professor for not attending your own graduation.
But I knew that there were other students like me and I knew the mandates were most likely going to be coming for everybody.
They started out with the college students before even the professors or faculty at many universities.
I was just shocked by that.
If we're going to talk about the science and who's actually,
catching COVID and having and actually dying from COVID.
It's not our generation of people, you know, like it is the elderly.
It is people with comorbidities.
So let's actually talk about the real science, but that discussion was not even allowed at universities.

[SPEAKER_03]
So, you know, one of the things too, especially with university, this is an identity to them.
Part of their identity is we are a university.
We are the top tier part of society.
I get this over and over and over again from my professors.
Taking this class shows that you are of high mathematical knowledge.
And so part of this is let me show the world.
how you should act, which is why I think they've strung onto this so much, this vaccine craziness, because at the end of the day, it's been a complete catastrophe and they still can't see it.
And it is traumatizing.
I totally agree with you there, where I used to think, wow, these colleges and universities, there's really brilliant people who are in them.
And yeah, I mean, I look at my friends and it's like, I look at what math proofs they can write.
And I look at what engineering, you know, tricks they can do to problems.
I'm like, wow, you, you know, you need to be smart to figure, you know, see that whole workaround.
And then it comes to COVID and it's like, where's your brain?
Like putting a piece of cloth over your mouth is just the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard of.
And yeah, I don't use this word lightly.
It's very traumatizing for me.
It's like a relationship with someone who one day they just stopped talking to you.
It's like, what happened?
I mean, I used to look up to professors.
I used to think, well, my friends, we may disagree, but they're so smart.
There's a logical basis in what they're thinking.
There's logic behind it.
Even though I may not agree with that logic,
is to different economic perspectives.
I may disagree with certain economic perspectives, but this stuff, COVID is common sense.
It's not political.
It's not based on logic we disagree with.
It's just like, it's just the most basic, I don't know.
So I decided to add on there.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, I think, I mean, you're exactly right, Ryan.
I think what I see a lot too, especially being at school.
So I'm not a very high intelligent performer, if you will.
Like, I just, I'm in business.
And so kind of, I never, like you mentioned earlier, you feel like maybe you wouldn't have even gone to college.
And I feel the same way a lot of times.
And now I've really do, I tell people all the time, it feels like I'm only here to get that piece of paper and get out.
But,
There is part of me that I'm glad, I'm glad I was here.
I'm glad that outside of like, let's say classes and stuff too, like the connections I've made and there's so many great people.
And now I think at least for me, we've finally hit a point where like people are coming up to me like on the street and they're like, hey, aren't you the kid that's suing the school or whatever?
And it's like, yeah.
And like people are telling me like, oh, they thought nobody actually cared all this stuff.
So it's like, it's people like us three that are like, we are a beacon and like that inspiration to a lot of people.
And I think so a big problem with a lot of these people that are, they're very knowledgeable, like just to get into our schools, you know, you can't, you got to apply and you have to be accepted.
These are very knowledgeable people, but there is, there's like a disconnect with them applying that knowledge and where intelligence using knowledge in a situation.
They, they're, there's almost like a block.
And I think a lot of it, maybe it's like this political correctness, especially on college campuses, people try to be so politically correct.
They try to slide under the radar and do whatever they're told because they don't want to miss out on an opportunity or stir the pot.
And I think there's a lot of that too.
So Ryan, I know you were starting, you were trying to start a anti-discrimination group, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I'm starting.
One of the ways that I think we can try to approach this is by not making it political and by bringing it back to who are we as people.
One of the things that I think defeat the mandates has done such a good job is you go to their Twitter page, and it's vaccinated, unvaccinated.
We're standing together.
And so that's something I wanted to do.
And I'm working on this.
I'm busy with school, so it's juggling a lot of things around.
But I am working on making anti-couraging clubs at as many schools as I can.
I want these clubs to be focused on uniting everybody.
We, I don't care what your, you know, economic beliefs are, you know, whatever, Democrat, Republican, independent, come here.
This is a safe place for people who are saying, something's really wrong right now.
And acknowledging that, giving people the space and the platform to say, to acknowledge that, yeah, no, the last two years was a major screw up.
And we need to start acknowledging that or else I don't see how we're gonna have, you know,
future is college students.
I mean, we need to stand up for what is right right now.
Or else, you know, our futures are at risk.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Yeah, I definitely think to these colleges, these organizations, the government, if you will, it won't stop at this.
We can say we finished the COVID stuff, but they're going to do the same thing.
They loved what they just were able to do, move everybody online, close down dining halls, turn the lights off,
So it's definitely, it's a very important thing and it could be a reoccurring theme that I don't think any, I don't want any other generations to have to go through this.
We need to get back to like, what are ethics and our morals as a country, right?
And I know you guys both touched on like,
I used to love my professors and I thought like they wanted the best for me and like just administrators, stuff like that.
Anybody I would talk to on campus.
And so one of the things I did at my school that really helped us gain ground and get some of the stuff overturned is every state has public record laws.
So public universities and then even private universities who receive funding from the government.
you can get their public records.
And so in Ohio, emails are considered public records.
I requested emails from some people I knew that were in charge of setting our COVID policy and our requirements.
And what I found was horrifying.
So like there was, at one point they were saying, what's the best way we can use peer pressure to make more students get vaccinated.
And of course we've seen that right where they have
They want you to out yourself if you're unvaccinated, for example, because then they want you to be like, oh, well, look, this is the kid that isn't vaccinated, blah, blah, blah.
And I've grown up my whole life.
Peer pressure was a bad thing.
They said peer pressure at school is a bad thing.
Stay away from peer pressure.
And now here's the people that we're paying, and we're supposed to trust with our health, our education, saying that they're planning to use peer pressure against us.
So that's really scary.
But that just brings, that's another great thing.
Because I do want to talk about some things that just other people can do, because we know this is going on all over the country.
I'm going to put a link in the live chat, too, for people watching.
That's the no college mandate.
This is a spreadsheet that has most every college listed.
So people can see like what colleges are mandating vaccines, boosters, things like that.
But yeah, so one thing I would tell people to do definitely is you can get the records from most of your schools.
You can get their communications and see what they're saying behind behind people's backs.
And a lot of times it's really scary.
And then taking that and maybe
What I would do is I would get these emails that didn't look good and I would send them to the president, the deans, anybody I could, our Title IX coordinators, like everything I could find.
And so I think that's one of the most effective things as well as, I know, so Kate, you have some good resources on your website of letters and things like that, notices of ethics, right?
Can you talk about that a little bit?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, definitely.
So one thing that I'll say before I get into that just a little backstory is there was there was a smear campaign on social media and all of like my college is platforms of you know calling me out saying that I was a conspiracy theorist.
I'm an anti-vaxxer and an activist.
This is before I even spoke at any sort of rally and then I really started getting going after this but
And then I was actually studying religion, and I'm a Christian minister now, but at the time they were calling me an anti-Semite.
I mean, really just horrific things that were just lies.
Like none of it was true.
And this is before I really even became super outspoken about the vaccine.
I was just more of, you know, spoken on.
I talked, you know, in classroom discussions about, you know, my thoughts about the lockdowns and the mandates and religious freedom and closing down all of our churches was totally just disgusting, you know?
And so, but I had requested security at graduation and had saved all of these emails, but I requested security to the president and the president was actually aware of emails of this near campaign because there were emails back and forth with different faculty members trying to get me kicked out of even coming to graduation.
And I had emailed the president requesting security and asking her to retract all of the defamatory statements that have been made online, et cetera.
And she emailed me back like within just seconds because she didn't even read the whole email.
She couldn't have.
And she had said LOL and then just signed her name, President Anne Halvin.
And after I had completed my online summer course, she actually kicked me off of all of my online accounts, like my email account, me being able to access my transcript, my grades, the alumni page to connect with other students.
I mean, I'm supposed to have this account the rest of my life, and I still don't have it.
Like I've been completely kicked off for over a year now.
um but I saved these harassing emails that I received because there were probably about a hundred of them and then of course the ones that weren't sent to me that I wasn't copied on I don't have but
save your emails with your communications with your administration, your college professors, or even if you're an employee watching this live now, it's to save all of the emails at any communication you have.
In New York and in New Jersey, I'm not sure about other states laws, but there's this one party law where you have the right to record someone on the phone without having to tell them that you're recording them.
I don't know what other states have that law, but you can look it up.
It's called the one party law.
And that's very useful.
I try to do all of my communication through email, and then I forwarded those emails to my own private email.
But I'm so grateful that I did that because my whole email account is gone.
So I don't have those records back.
And so I'm actually in the process about getting a lawsuit started against Arlam College.
I got accepted a full tuition scholarship to Boston University for a second master's degree in Divinity because I've studied religion for a long time and I was planning to
Continue that and then Boston University mandated the vaccine.
I filed.
I didn't actually even file a religious exemption.
I let them know I have a religious exemption and that was it.
They accepted it.
Boston University has accepted all religious exemptions that I am aware of.
as well as medical exemptions.
But I was on campus, I was studying for about a month, and a few days after I was featured in the Boston Globe for helping about 5,000 people file successful religious exemptions across the country, I was suspended due to what they called COVID non-compliance.
I have a medical exemption to the nasal testing requirement
at Boston University.
It was in the process of getting accepted.
But right after that Boston Globe article came out, there was another smear campaign to try to get me suspended due to helping people with religious exemptions.
And so yeah, now it's almost a year later.
I'm currently in litigation.
I have my first hearing.
later on this month.
It's very interesting because a month after I filed my lawsuit, they removed the testing mandate and did not drop my suspension.
So that goes to show that it was total, like I didn't really have the proof about it being a retaliatory
But it goes to show, well, you never drop my suspension.
I have a scholarship.
I'm supposed to continue finishing out my three-year degree.
But this just goes to show you that they do retaliatory stuff.
They have background emails trying to figure out what to do.
But having that's really, really useful.
And so I created Students Against Mandates.
Back here on my home is New York.
And New York was starting with their mandates against college students.
I organized the first rally.
for college students against the mandate, the vaccine mandate here on Long Island.
And it brought a lot of news attention.
They didn't change their mandate, but they did accept quite a few religious exemptions.
But this is like an uphill battle.
I don't think schools will be backing down on any sort of vaccine mandate.
They've already started with their booster insanity, on with the mask, off with the mask.
They just pick and choose when they want.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's no concern in any of these policies toward our mental health.
No concern.
I mean, online education, completely remote education, this has not been studied on what it does to us psychologically and what it does to developing people psychologically.
We see this going on with mass mandates and toddlers.
Just no concern for our health from public health people.
And we're seeing already the damaging consequences of this, where we have public health people who are more concerned about COVID rates in a certain neighborhood.
Meanwhile, crime rates are surging.
Hunger rates are surging.
Unemployment was surging.
I'm talking March 2020.
But crime right now in Chicago is really, really bad.
So you look at this complete catastrophe unfolding.
And they still try to tell you that it's being done for health.
So I think that that's really important.
This is one of the ways that I would recommend anybody listening is start speaking out if you're a student.
Because this isn't right, what's going on.
Speaking out, we need more voices right now because there's just not enough.
A lot of people, and I get it.
I get the sentiment that I need to get my degree done and I just want to get out of here.
But at the end of the day, if we let this go, there's going to be a lot worse headed our way in our future.
We can't be okay with this behavior from people who are above us.

[SPEAKER_02]
I have a question for you guys.
where your peers are at now at school.
We've got these new bivalent vaccines coming along slowly, or is your sense that people are going to be willing to get another jab coming in the middle of this fall?

[SPEAKER_00]
I received a lot of messages from college students or even just parents reaching out about how to file a religious exemption for the booster mandate and there's been a surge of students in particularly reaching out in regards to needing help with religious exemptions for booster mandates.
I will say in the beginning there wasn't as many.
You know I helped a lot more of healthcare workers and
and other adults that have jobs and were required for employment.
But I know that there's been a big increase.
And I think that the issue that we have is not too many people in our generation
um are well aware of what rights we have and this is like a major problem with our educational system that has just been increasingly getting worse and now like parents are at a breaking point they're going to their board of education their meetings they're saying enough is enough and so um one thing on my website like like you mentioned um before is an ethics complaint which is a letter I sent to Earlham College it's an eight page letter that um quite a few uh phenomenal attorneys within the
medical freedom movement also signed on to, and it talks about what rights we have in regards to either just our own private medical information being shared in regards to religious exemptions not being accepted if you don't have a religious leader or a member of clergy signing on to it, which is complete First Amendment right infringement.
Secondly,
or the thirdly is denying medical exemptions makes the school reliable.
And so just knowing what information, what rights you have to exercise those rights is so useful.
And sometimes you might receive some sort of backlash from the administration, but when you put them in your place saying, these are my rights, I'm an American citizen and I'm protected under these rights.
And you need to know about them.
And if you complete continue to enforce either this mandate or
or violate my medical freedom or my privacy rights, et cetera, then you're going to be held accountable.
So I always recommend and encourage people to look at that letter.
It also talks about like the fact that there hasn't been studies done for the vaccine and even the nasal test swabs, but also a great act to know is the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
I always bring this up as far as any sort of religious discrimination as well.
So I think that that's really important for people that have religious exemptions.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I think so.
This bivalient booster, I think it's going to have a lot less people on board with that.
I think what we're going to definitely see is there's still going to be those people that they're going to do whatever they're told no matter what.
But at this point, there's a decent amount of people who are asking themselves now, why do I have to take this booster if I already took
why didn't the four other shots protect me?
Why do I need this to be protected now?
And yeah, I think people need to, you need to know your rights, you need to know your state laws too.
In Ohio, we have a couple of new state laws that have been really helpful in our lawsuit.
And like, I think a lot of people get to the point where they're ready to sue their school.
And I've heard recently a lot of success stories of people just getting an affidavit
and delivering a letter to their school that they have the intent to sue if the problem isn't fixed.
And putting that pressure on the schools, especially like just speaking out about it too and finding your group, finding, because none of us are alone.
At every country in the school, there's multiple people who feel the same way that we do.
It's not easy to find them.
It's not easy for people to take that leap and speak up.
But once that happens, a lot of good stuff can happen and change.
At our school, we just finally, last Friday, got our mask mandate dropped for good.
Now they're just strongly recommended.
And it took over a year to do that.
I started with petitions.
I was a senator in our school government.
didn't make a lot of progress.
And so we got to the point where we knew we had to sue and or else nothing was going to change.
And so
We've gotten to a point where things do feel normal and it goes to show the effect that just these mandates have had on students because I can just go to class and just walk around campus and see people are so much happier this semester than the past two years.
And I think it's really worth fighting for.
For everybody like us, that's just the little guy speaking out about it, telling our stories, what we've done.
there's so many people that maybe they'll never realize like the impact it had on them, but us fighting back, it really does, it just feels so important because there's some people who'll never, they'll never take the time out of their day.
They'll never look into the data or the science and they just won't know that how harmful this stuff has been to them and not just college students really, like we said, everybody from
like preschool to high school.
So I think it's important to keep fighting.
I think it's important to try everything you can and really just put the pressure on these people.
Let them know that we're not going to let them just keep getting away with this stuff.
There's people that are watching them and they need to do what we pay them to do, which is provide us an education and
I don't ask them to do much more.
I could care less what they mandate on me.

[SPEAKER_00]
Exactly.
And I hope for every student.

[SPEAKER_03]
I need to get going here.
So I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's OK.
I was just going to say that I hope that every student and every employee that was either fired or suspended or faced some sort of discrimination.
All of this actually sues their school or their employer.
And we've seen great success.
I don't know if you guys saw.
But more recently, there was just a huge win in Illinois.
There was a hospital that mandated all of their employees to get the vaccine.
And there was a $10 million settlement.
So we're seeing, and I think that we will hopefully see continued success in these lawsuits, but that was a huge win for not just those employees, but for all of us.
So I'm looking forward to seeing more lawsuits being filed and I'm doing them myself as well.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know, you should go ahead.
I'll go back to your original question, whether or not I think my students that I go to school with will get boosted.
I don't know.
I can't really read the room yet.
But what I do know is that a lot of them, I go to school with a lot of STEM people, and for them, it's like a bumper sticker.
It's like, got vaccinated.
So yeah, I do, you know, they take pride in it, like, you know, rolling up their sleeve as if
It's something that shows you've entered.
It's like a religious activity where it's like, oh, I've been baptized or I've done this and now I'm in the club.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's a lot of virtue signaling, right?
That's why they love to, I got boosted, blah, blah, blah.
I remember everybody was posting their vaccine cards.
Wow, that has never happened before in the history of the world.
You go post your immunization record online to show people.
It's really crazy how much, that's a great way to say it.
They wear it like a bumper sticker.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, and one of the most helpful quotes for me through this time period has been, how would you know the good from the bad if you didn't know what bad was?
And that's something that's really hit hard for me, or hit home where it's like, I got complacent with the government and with society.
I got too comfortable with it.
I put too much trust in these institutions and people who were around me.
And I now know that there was a reason why in 1776 we wrote the Constitution the way that we did.
It's because when times of crisis hit, you can't trust your government.
You can't trust society.
At the end of the day, freedom is the only thing that matters at the end of the day.
And so yeah, you know, it's really, sometimes I'm, even though I can get some of the stuff that goes on can kind of piss me off, there's an element to me that's actually thankful that it happened because I have learned so much about government, about people.
and about how important my rights are over the last two years.
And I hope these rights, I really hope we can show the importance of these rights to other people, but it's an uphill battle.
And I got to get going with that, everybody.
Thanks for having me on.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right, Ryan, do you want to plug anything?
Do you want to?

[SPEAKER_03]
OK.

[SPEAKER_01]
He was able to stay a little longer than he thought to, so that's good.
So yeah, is there anything else we really wanna hit on?
We even talked about suing a little bit now.
And oh, so can we, I didn't know that you were in an active lawsuit, right?
You said you have litigation already.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, yeah, I'm in litigation.
I have my first hearing the end of this month.
So yeah, it's very interesting.
Like I said, a month after I filed my lawsuit against Boston University, they just removed their whole testing mandate, which was very interesting.
And then shortly after that, Boston University did mandate the booster, but they have accepted religious exemptions for the booster mandate.
So, I mean, like I said, I think that this obviously was more of an issue of retaliation of
me causing a quote unquote problem at the university.
I went to a few rallies.
I think it was only one rally at the Massachusetts State House when I was there and then I was featured in the Boston Globe right after that.
But I think that we need to really crack down on the issue at college campuses of this cancel culture, of this censorship.
Well, you don't agree with us, so we don't want your point of view.
And one thing that was really scary, the first week I was actually at Boston University, you know, the first week is always just reviewing the syllabus and sometimes you even, you know, class ends early.
So in the first, I think it was the first or second day of class for my class called the Holocaust, we, you know, reviewed the whole syllabus.
And then at the very end, she says, the professor says, at the end of the semester, we're going to be talking about how important it is to
to compare the Holocaust to what's happening right now with COVID.
And I thought to myself, well, this is going to be interesting, what she's going to say next.
And she actually said it's important because the unvaccinated are acting like Nazis during the Holocaust, killing the Jews.
And I thought, wow.
We had department of, I don't remember if it's the history department or the Jewish studies department at Boston University, which is a really great university you know when you think about Boston University is like one of the top 20 universities in the country.
And I'm like, she is a smart woman.
But this is so crazy.
And I thought to myself, if this professor knows who I am, or knows that I'm unvaccinated, or knows that I'm helping people to get religious exemptions approved, we're going to have a problem.
And it was very scary because I wanted to.
This was my first class at Boston University.
And I just wanted to gauge the students' reactions.
And a lot of them kind of agreed with her.
And there was one student who actually said, well, what do you think about the unvaccinated who are just staying home?
You know, they're not going out.
They're not, you know, infecting people.
And the professor replied, well, that's exactly what they're doing.
They're going out, infecting other people and getting us sick and we're dying.
So it's really crazy what mainstream media has done.
And people just blindly believe what they're being told.
And we need to get back to asking questions.

[SPEAKER_01]
That's why I've been really thankful for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
I don't know if you ever watched the Steve Kerr show, but it's perfect compared to
What mainstream media is saying like it really is a great resource for so many people who are asking questions.
So we should probably start wrapping up.
Thank you for coming today is tell people like where they can find you and learn more.
I sent the link to your website in the chat, but.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, great.
Awesome.
Yeah.
My social media links are there, but you could find me at Kate Corrigan, C-A-I-T Corrigan.
You can find me on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook.
My, my account name is this is Kate Corrigan on Instagram and Twitter is I am Kate Corrigan.

[SPEAKER_01]
Awesome.
Well, thank you.
Thank you everybody for watching.
Have a great weekend because we are here on a Friday.
And yeah, everybody keep up the fight.
It's far from over, but enjoy the little times of normal that we do get.
Thanks for watching, everybody.
