[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_00]
Hi, this is Phoebe.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm a host for the Vaxing Safety Research Foundation's live college edition and welcome to our bi-weekly Monday show.
Tonight, we'll be talking with Pais Pat and Ohio University student who is currently facing a lawsuit against his school, as well as Mila Raditich, A. Stanford, and Yale, a continuing medical education student who was severely injured by the COVID-19 vaccine.
We'll also have a special guest, Ben Lip.
But before we get into then, and all of this amazing work, the VSRF is a 501 safety organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance the COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research, as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
So we encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions.
We're calling for truth and transparency in our colleges so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
Thanks for joining us live on Rumble.
And if you'd like to ask any questions, please put them down in the comments box.
And we will not have Twitter spaces tonight as there was a CLC COVID litigation conference this past weekend that the no college mandates founder had attended.
and many of them are still on the way back to their homes.
But tonight's topic is on how to request public records and hold schools accountable.
So Ben Lip exposed Ohio School's COVID scandals by requesting records of internal emails and communications.
He has a little delay tonight, but he will join us later to talk about how to make requests at your school, otherwise known as Freedom of Information Act requests or FOIAs.
And how to use these school records to hold your own school accountable, plus many tips and tricks on making these requests.
So before we get into bringing Ben on to the stage, Tanks, would you please introduce us to what Freedom of Information Act requests are, otherwise known as public request?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so public record requests are more related to state agencies, right?
So the Freedom of Information Act is a federal law that requires federal agencies to make their documents and records public.
And so every state, all 50 states, they have their own public record laws.
Some of them are called open records, public records.
There's plenty of great resources online to figure out where your public record law is.
So just type in your state name, public records.
It's a great way to find out
what the little small differences are, but most everything we'll talk about tonight kind of overlaps for everybody.
But Ben is here now, so we'll bring him on to the stage.
Ben, how are you doing, man?

[SPEAKER_02]
Good, how are you guys?

[SPEAKER_03]
Good.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hey, Ben.
Thanks so much for joining us tonight.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, sorry about the delay.
Got stuck at work.
No, you're not good.

[SPEAKER_03]
It happens.
Do you want to start off just telling us about like how you got started doing this and everything?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, basically like, well, how I got into like public record requests was kind of it was an accident in a way.
Like it wasn't even it was before COVID.
was even around.
I just had problems with other things the university was doing and noticed they were violating their own policies and I would report this to the department that or like through the channel they claim is there to deal with ethics issues and I would just get no response and I would just work my way up the administration asking
each level of people, what's actually going on, just to get no response repetitively.
And so I was searching on, I was just Googling like on a university since night's website.
And eventually came across a page when I was looking at the legal counsel on their public records office within that department.
And then I just started reading into public records and I realized that I don't have to actually ask
the administration what's going on.
I could just read their email and find out for myself.
And once you learn how to do that, then you just, you never ask a question again.
You just go get the answer.

[SPEAKER_00]
What's the purpose of requesting public records be?
What would you do with that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I think in my case I was
I always had a specific topic I was interested in.
And in the context of universities, universities function like a large corporation.
Like everything they do, especially in the context of COVID when everybody's working from home, everything goes through email at these places.
It's like email and teams.
That's the only way that these people communicate with each other.
So just by the nature of that, emails will show you a lot because emails also have attachments that so they have files within them.
So just by requesting emails, you're also getting up many other public records.
And one thing that's important public records when you're requesting them is you kind of have to know what you're requesting so emails are easy because you can just say you want emails from a certain date range from a certain person about certain topic and then like if you want to request a specific record so like let's say you want.
you want to get a contract between a public entity and some vendor they have.
But you don't have no idea what these contracts are called.
And the record custodian, who's the person processing your request, they might not know what it's called.
So if you can't describe the record to them, you're not going to get a response.
So emails are easy because everybody understands them.
But I think the other purpose
I mean, there's a million purposes for public records.
It's just whatever you would need it.
Even getting like your marriage certificate or your divorce degree from the court is a public record request, technically.
Like it's just there, it's anything the government produces is our property.
So we can expect it at any time, but due to the constraints of reality and the fact that a record custodian has to process these requests, you kind of have to give them like 90% of what you're looking for for them to even find it.

[SPEAKER_00]
Wow, that's really interesting.
How would this connect to the COVID vaccine in universities and schools?

[SPEAKER_02]
I think in the context of that it was to understand the administrative process, because I think a lot of people were confused on who exactly was making these decisions, because nobody was taking credit for it, for example.
And also just to, obviously, in the context of universities, what they're the public image that they're putting out about their COVID response.
can be very different from their internal discussion of it.
Because obviously, these big schools all have departments that are dedicated to public communication.
They have people who, if something goes wrong, their job is to spin it in a way that doesn't sound that bad.
And then they just push that out as much as possible.
That's how any big entity like this is going to work.
Um, so to see how they're discussing it internally is important because that's how they actually are thinking about it.
And especially in COVID, there's always obviously there were huge diversions.
Like on the outside, it seemed like it was all about science and protecting us.
But in reality, on the inside, there is no discussions whatsoever of science or whether or not it's actually effective.
And there's very little discussions about health, aside from the fact that if anybody ever questioned it, they'd say, well, it's obvious.
How can it be bad?
It can only be a good thing.
So that's what it was during COVID.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
I have some teens that and ties would probably explain this better because this is what you and him actually found was the Ohio University.
You guys found out.
their internal emails about how to disembark the money to incentivize students.
And there was, you know, this sum of money spent on block parties, this sum of money spent on, you know, vaccine lotteries or like, you know, prizes for vaccination.
There was a comment made by
Ohio University's president that said, Hugo's all about the cash.
And I found that insane.
And I've shared it with some of the people that I know.
And they've said that it's the most atrocious things that they've ever, you know, read.
And there's, there's plenty of other things on Tyce's website that will be great for you to explain and, you know, for you guys to share what sort of, you know, bizarre things that you can find within their internal emails that have
Nothing to do with health or science or the safety of us kids.
Um, I've got two questions.
Uh, first of all, is a quick one.
Yeah.
And you can share your screen.
First one is a quick one.
So you mentioned, uh, teams.
So are like meeting minutes, like virtual meeting minutes, also public records.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm actually not even sure I'm assuming they use teams but instant messaging never had much luck with that not gonna lie as far as requesting it however the minutes and again like with email just like they
really with public records, you're going to get, when you request emails, at first, you're going to get mostly junk, like 95% junk and then 5% stuff that actually matters.
And then once you find something that you're actually looking for, then you could say, okay, well, who was on this email chain?
What date was this?
And then you can target specific things that are happening.
So like instant messaging, though, I think that I wish that I would have gone after that more, because I think people are even looser in their instant messaging.
And I'm sure there's a way.
It's more that with emails, schools happen to just have a software that made it very easy for them to search from our requests and download it in a PDF.
I don't think with teams they have that capability.
And actually, that's another interesting point maybe when we get into the
Mechanics of making record requests, but like if like I've made email requests at other departments in Ohio and they're just not as capable at finding the emails like this one guy he had to go on to everybody's personal computer and search in their email box and then download their emails individually Which I'm sure there is an easier way, but we'll get to that later The second part
of your question about meeting minutes.
That's a whole interesting topic.
I'm sure they would be public record if you knew they existed and you knew how to ask for them specifically.
So if they're being created, if meeting minutes are being created, at least in Ohio, Ohio has actually very liberal public record laws like they favor the requester a lot more than most states do.
But so it's probably like this everywhere though.
If a government
entity creates something, and it has something to do with the execution of their duties or their job, then it's a public record.
So like the only things that aren't public record are like miscellaneous notes, like like everybody writing their lunch order down or something.
I mean, that wouldn't be a public record.
But like if, so if they're making meeting minutes, yes, they're public record, but unless you can point the custodium to those minutes, you're not going to be able to get to them.
But then the interesting thing about that is I'm actually, I found this place that coordinated between the schools in Ohio.
This is a different story, but it was like a organization of the university presidents that would meet and they would discuss policy and they all planned our COVID policies in Ohio.
It's called the Inner University Council.
And they produced meeting minutes for their meetings.
And I'm actually right now in the process of requesting all the meeting minutes that they produced for all of their different meetings for the last two years, because I'm currently trying to pursue litigation that they violated Ohio's open meetings laws, which means like they were meeting to discuss public policy outside of the public view.

[SPEAKER_03]
On that note then, so I
I believe Ohio has some type of law that makes most, if it's a public meeting, they're required to take meeting minutes of it at least.
And I think they're trying to make them record all of them too.
I know voicemails are considered public record in Ohio because I'm pretty sure they're not recording every phone call, but like phone calls are technically public record I read in the thing.
But yeah, why don't you get into that quick?
Here at the beginning, like talk about some of the stuff you found, like what the IUC was talking about and then how they ran you around the circle to try to keep you from getting their meetings.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, yeah, again, it's actually relevant because.
I just randomly, like I put this, I put the whole IUC thing to a pause for a while.
And about two months ago, I looked on their website and I knew the old president of this organization was retiring.
And then I saw that the new, there's a new person there.
And she's actually, she used to be on Ohio's general assembly committee of higher education.
And now she's the president of the IUC.
Really nice lady, which is funny because the last guy was kind of nuts.
But I've started pursuing this again.
What they're violating potentially is a law in Ohio called the Open Meetings Act.
So we have the Ohio Public Records Act, which is how we can request things.
And it's very open because, for example, some states will charge you per record to pull the records for you.
or just have miscellaneous fees that you have to pay to make a request and just have laws that make it easier for public entities to deny your request.
Whereas Ohio, the Public Records Act is what makes Ohio so good for public records because it outlines that they can't charge you money.
They can charge you money only if you're making copies and they can only charge you the cost of those copies.
And it opens up how you can make these requests, which is really important.
But at the IUC, the Open Meetings Act is similar, but instead of for public records, the meetings are what's being regulated with this law.
And basically any public body that meets in Ohio that's discussing public business
and their decision-making body is required to do what Tice was saying, which is like publish meeting minutes and make available a public means to attend the meeting, which during COVID then became you also need to have a virtual way to attend the meeting.
And basically, like, the IUC was having these meetings with all the presidents.
And during COVID, they were all discussing their COVID policies, because what they wanted to avoid was the situation where Ohio State makes vaccines mandatory, but the University of Cincinnati doesn't.
So then there's a migration of students from OSU to UC.
They wanted to all collude, do their policies jointly so that you couldn't go to a school that was treating it differently.
And the big schools are the ones that were most interested in this.
And if you go into the history of the IEC, which goes all the way back to the 1930s, OSU actually started it with Miami.
The two presidents started it together because they wanted to
Collude when they were bargaining for state budgeting so they wanted to be able to go to the so basically every school every year has to go to our general assembly, which is like Congress in Ohio and they have to request a certain budget for their operating budget and
This is important because this is really important for higher education.
But basically what they said was Ohio State was basically going to the Congress and saying, we need $100 per student.
And then Miami would go and say, well, we just need $90.
And then the Congress would go back to Ohio State and be like, well, why do you guys need $100 if Miami can do it just fine for $90?
So then eventually they were like okay we're gonna work together so now instead of asking for a hundred house they can they can both ask for 120.
Because if they both say 120 then that's what they you know there's no negotiation there so.
That's how this started.
And I think that's indicative of how they behave during COVID.
All of this stuff is in the context of higher education and how these institutions act.
And that is how they've always acted.
They're very rent-seeking in the sense like rent-seeking meaning like they're
they're being paid for not producing any value.
So they're artificially raising the prices of education to pad their own pockets.
And during COVID, everything obviously was inspired by federal funding.
That's the real reason, very little discussion of it, because at the highest level, there's no emails being sent.
There's only phone calls, and phone calls as of now aren't recorded.
So like president of UC, I probably have almost 100,000 emails from UC, less than five from the president.
He only takes phone calls because people will also try to hide.
But like during the IUC during COVID, I mean, it was just evidence that
They were meeting behind our backs to negotiate against us and their employees of the government.
And in Ohio, the only meetings that need to be public at schools are the Board of Trustees, because they're the public decision-making body.
But the reality is that the boards of trustees in Ohio schools are most likely all schools around the country.
They aren't really making decisions anymore.
They delegate all of their power to the president and the president's administration, and then they just go to cocktail parties.
That's what the job of a board of trustees is.
And then once a quarter they'll come and sign a bunch of paperwork and have a meeting.
But these presidents were meeting at the IUC actually making decisions.
coming back and implementing those decisions.
So I was arguing, hey, you guys are acting like a public body, so you should be following this act.
And in Ohio, for every meeting that you submit a violation to the court for, like if you file a lawsuit against them, the state will pay you $500 per violated meeting.
So since I've waited so long since I notified them, I am going to have records involving about like 20 to 30 meetings.
So my goal is to get like 10 grand out of
out of the IUC, it's actually the IUC that would have to pay it, and just define them under the law as a public body.
And there's interesting case law in Ohio where
like I said, they have to be decision-making.
But there's case law that shows that a body that's formed to inform the decision-making committee on decisions is still a public body.
So for example, it was actually a Cincinnati lawsuit that started this.
The city council started a committee to do investigations on zoning so that they could decide where they wanted to zone the city.
And then they would, the zoning committee would come and they would inform the city council and the city council would just sign whatever they tell them to do.
So then somebody sued them and said, well, you guys, they're doing all the decision making.
They're talking about everything behind our backs and we can't come watch them because we watch your meetings, but you're not actually doing anything.
So then the courts are like, yeah, you're right.
They have to make their meetings public.
So, and that goes to another point I'll end here.
is that case law for all of this stuff is really important because like the Open Meetings Act and the Public Records Act, they're very short.
Like law is always short and sweet and very to the point, but it's actually how it's interpreted in the courts that it's followed.
And if you get, you're gonna get your first couple of record requests denied every time.
And at least in Ohio, again, we're very open.
So like if our requests get denied, they have to provide legal reasoning if we request it.
Like we denied your request because of this case law.
and it's too similar to this, or something along those lines.
So now when I make requests, I always request, if you deny it, tell me why.
But you need to know the case law so that if they deny it, you can have case law that says, actually, you're wrong, and this is why you must process more requests.
And the end of it, there's always a legal solution.
So if they keep denying it, it's always going to end in a lawsuit.
That's where the thing with the open means that's in the IEC has come.
They won't
We won't agree.
You have to assume eventually.
But it's always made to be easy when it comes to this stuff.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
That is just incredible.
So I want to just tag on to that because we have a similar thing in Connecticut and just offer a different example of what Ben is saying with the meeting minutes mandatory to be public.
So in my schools,
policies, I believe it's the bylaws of the University of Connecticut, they say that meeting minutes must be recorded.
And even if they have a emergency meeting where it's not, you know, open to the public, they still need to record those meeting minutes and they will be uploaded later.
So I've gone online and just googled up, you know, Yukon meeting minutes from the state and be able to find records of those.
Another thing is that, oh goodness, I lost my train of thought.
I lost my train of thought, but I'll come back to that.
I do have a question for you, Ben.
The RIL19 asks, and they ask, are the consequences the same if the department lies in their PRR response?
You put in quotation in Ohio.

[SPEAKER_02]
If you're saying if they lie, if they say something publicly, but then you realize that they're lying, well, no.
I got that more times than I can count in different capacities.
And I didn't change anything.
Because really what it is, is like, if you go to the school to complain about something, every time I went to the school to complain about something, it was always extremely controversial, something that every school was doing, and like, something that no individual came up with basically.
Full disclosure like the before COVID what I was most interested in was like the rise of critical race theory in our school like and how it was just being publicly put on our website, which is like a violation of specific calls that you see saying you can't spread public controversy.
But for example, on that alone, like the amount of like
stuff that they would publish that I would see internal discussion that's completely opposite.
I mean there was tons of information on that.
And so like all you can do at that point when you find something, when you find some sort of ethical violation, like I said, you report it to the school.
You first go to the, because you report it to the institution.
You just, at least when you, when I started, I was still ignorant enough that I was like, oh, like I'm going to show the school that I have proof that they broke this rule.
And it's very clear because I have emails and everything.
And then I'm, well, this is eventually I did.
And then I would, you know, submit a complaint and they're a good institution.
So they'll fix it.
But if it's something like that or something like COVID, where they know, they already know they're breaking the rules.
So like if you report it to them, obviously they're not gonna, they're not gonna do anything because it's not like it's something, it's not something like secretive that you found.
Like everybody knows it's happening.
So it's like they've already, the school as an institution has already decided that they're fine breaking the law.
and they already are breaking the law.
So you're going to report it to them, even if you report to the school that, oh, this employee said this to the public, but the same employee said this internally, that's not going to change the narrative for them.
They already know that all this stuff is happening.
Now, I think the punishment becomes greater.
Not even the court of law, does that really matter so much?
Because again, it doesn't matter if you were... What matters isn't that you were lying, but that you were breaking the law.
So yeah, there were, you weren't breaking the law.
They don't care if you were lying about it.
Most criminals would.
And I think it's the court of public opinion where that's gonna have the most damage.
Where it's like, not only did you break the law, but you tried to lie to us about it and hide it.
So I think it's the public opinion.
Yes, that has the most impact.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I definitely agree with you on that, Ben, because I did the same thing.
Once I found them and caught them just blatantly lying, they're saying one thing to the students and then saying the complete opposite on their emails.
So one thing that I eventually did is I would start sending the emails of the person lying to like everybody in their department.
So what I was trying to do is like, you know, show them like, yeah, don't trust this person.
Like don't just blindly trust whatever this person's saying about COVID.
And I did end up getting some public records.
There was other professors around the, around my campus that they put together like entire presentations and they took them in front of like,
not the board but like they're like in their college like the dean and stuff like that to say like these are my problems with what we're doing and they were pretty much ignored and stuff.
I would also say I think there probably is a legal
legal standing if like so for our case I don't know if you had this been but um one of our school employees actually wrote an affidavit so they under oath made some claims to defend themselves and definitely their emails would kind of show a very different thing than what their affidavit said and so there you would have like a perjury or lying under oath kind of case but
besides that, yeah, I don't think there's much legal retribution for when you just catch a blatantly lying besides the biggest things according to the public opinion, right?
So, like, I think what caused a lot of change on our campus was when I started sharing everything that I found, and people were like, oh, yeah, this is bullshit for lack of a better word.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, forgery is the exception.

[SPEAKER_00]
I have a question.
So you guys kept mentioning the IUC.
What is that?

[SPEAKER_02]
The meetings act right now are about to.
I haven't filed anything, but I plan to in the next two or three months.
But they're just like a club for university presidents.
And then they pretend like they pretend like they're independent.
But if you actually look, they're not registered under the state as an organization.
And their paychecks come from Ohio State, and their emails are at osu.edu or ohioestateuniversity.edu.
Like, they're just, like, if you are familiar with the political term of the swamp,
It's the swamp of Ohio universities, basically.
It's the, it's the deep state of Ohio's universities effectively.
Like it's just humorous, but like to what Tice was just saying about sharing emails amongst the internal teams themselves.
Um, and I think that COVID, when it comes to public records, like the, like I'm not particularly a fan of quote unquote, like cancel culture, but.
Like the idea of exposing somebody's communication, which they sent, assuming nobody would ever read it publicly, even though all of these people that work at these institutions, when they're hired, they acknowledge something that says all of their stuff is public.
But nobody actually thinks of that, and that's why these requests work so well, because they just say everything in their email.
But the idea of like, in a way, publicly humiliating somebody because of an email they sent, that's clearly compromising.
I think that that's
be using that as a technique is should be proportional to whatever that person is doing and like the harm that they're causing.
But it is very effective.
So like for example, with the IUC, I just found searching for COVID things I found with the IUC because they deal so much with like between the government and the schools and negotiating all these contracts and budgeting and stuff.
They have a lot of discussion just about the law of higher education going on.
And so at one point,
The other thing about the IUC, all public schools in Ohio are voluntary members, and they all pay membership dues.
That's how the IUC is funded.
They're all supposed to be equal members of this organization.
There's this email chain I found in the IUC.
It was between like five people.
So it was like representatives from like three of the schools.
It was one person from the IUC.
And then it was this person who worked in Washington DC as like a lobbyist basically.
And they would have these side discussions about like into like a higher education policy without looping in like the rest of the group.
And one of the members in it from the University of Akron even referred to this little club that they had.
He called it their core cabal.
So even he was joking that they were acting like a cabal.
And I told to the new president of the IUC, because I've had about four hours of phone calls with her, only because nobody told her yet that she shouldn't talk to me on the phone and that I'm probably recording it.
But I was just describing this whole core group thing to her.
And it's just interesting how...
like how little people understand it.
But basically like, um, or I was telling her actually that the, this guy joking that they're a cabal humor is indicative of the truth oftentimes.
But anyways, there's this one specific chain.
So like in Ohio, there's the department of Ohio department of higher education.
They're the public body formed by the governor.
That's supposed to be the public body that regulates these schools.
So like the interiors, interestingly enough, actually the department of higher education in Ohio,
was started in the sixties because as a response to the university council the uc getting too powerful so the uc at this point had been around for 30 years it was all the university presidents and they were just slinging the congress around they were just getting money left and right and just blowing it on stupid things literally building like.
like immaculate office buildings for themselves when they when they also needed new student housing like they were just spending like I had this website I think it's a partner ancestry.com and you can just look up newspapers from all throughout time and so that's how I got like an extensive history on this but like at the time there's for like a decade it was talking about how the IEC is just blowing money and then eventually the a new governor got elected in Ohio he started the department of higher ed because he's like the people need to regulate this more they're going out of control
So the funny thing is like Department of Higher Ed was originally started to rein in the IUC, but today they kind of just work together behind the scenes.
Like that's the funny part.
So there's this in this core group, this core cabal.
There's one email chain where the IUC person that's in this core group was saying, Hey guys, somebody from the Department of Higher Ed gave me this information about the budget.
And this was like a week before their budgeting requests for that year were due.
And he's like, they told me not to share it with anybody.
And he's like, I can't share it on email, but I could give you a call.
Or no, they told me not to distribute it.
And he's like, but I could give you a call.
Technically that would not be distributing.
And like saying like LOL and stuff.
And I was just like, this is ridiculous.
But what I realized is, oh, so the IUC, which is supposed to be this organization that all the schools pay into because they're all equal partners together.
is so the IUC employee is sharing information that's material to their budget discussions with the state.
And it's going to help those schools get a way better offer.
He's sharing it with three of the schools, but leaving the other 11 schools out of the discussion.
So one of my first thoughts was,
One of my first thoughts was I'm going to send this to the IUC representatives from every school and just show them that they shouldn't trust the IUC either because it's helpful to creating that, like the IUC in particular, I just don't think it should even exist.
And it's voluntary.
I would want these schools to voluntarily drop out because if enough of them did, the IUC would cease to exist.
But at the same time, it's also sending a message like, hey, you guys are government employees.
What you're saying is public.
And the state's paying these people hundreds of thousands of dollars.
We're not giving you that responsibility so you can use it like this.
And when you do, somebody finds out, of course, more people need to know about it.
But it's definitely a useful tactic to create that sense of,
like distrust amongst them and it just makes it, it makes people act more ethically knowing that somebody might be watching.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, totally.
Keeping them in check as they should be doing themselves.
That's just crazy.
So they've got this little group within this mini system that is conspiring to get more money and get more funding than the rest of them.
That's crazy.
You know what?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, real quick, maybe two, let me add.
The IUC, the reason that I found out about them from Ben is that
They were the one setting COVID policy too across the state.
So like we noticed that like all these big universities are doing like the exact same thing, right?
So their masking requirements were basically identical.
Their vaccine requirements eventually would be basically identical.
The only times I noticed like differences is when
So, like, for example, I think Miami University had a slightly different testing that they decided on, but then we found these email chains that were
them talking about like what they're going to collude and set the policy to for everybody in the state.
So it was like Ben described this one group that's supposed to be independent but really they're not.
They're all working together because then it kind of carried over like the same way and this is one of their big excuses and one of them that they're still using against us in court is saying well you're in different courts across the state the courts are agreeing with each other because the colleges were agreeing with each other.
So for
For example, they tried to moot our case because I think they might have done this with yours too, Ben, because the Miami case was dropped.
So they were like, well, you had the same policies as Miami, and Miami dropped their lawsuit because they kind of reached a settlement.
And so because of that, other courts were using it to say that your case should be thrown out too, essentially.
And that's because those schools were colluding to do the same thing.
Like one of the excuses I got at the very beginning when I was emailing and I was doing like what Ben was doing, like trying to talk to him and trying to get answers because I was still ignorant enough to think that the school like actually cared and didn't know they were lying.
And what they would say is like, we're kind of just following Ohio State's lead.
bigger schools are doing it and they make more money than us they're smarter than us so they we must do what they do to become what they are essentially was their excuse.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's something really interesting and I think
What I'm thinking of is what you guys have with the IUC, but here in Connecticut, we have two different boards of, you know, directors, essentially.
So there is the CSCU Board of Regents that covers the 17 public schools, and then one board of, I call it a Board of Trustees, I'm not sure what the official name is.
I think it is called the board of trustees or maybe it's University of Connecticut directors.
Anyways, we have two different groups of university presidents and what happened with our COVID policies was all 17 other Connecticut public colleges and universities, their COVID mandates got dropped except for UConn because they don't have the same directors.
So UConn right now is the only school, only public school in Connecticut that doesn't let
that has not dropped the mandates and actually is still, um, you know, mandating students to get the vaccine.
So it just shows you like when they, when those groups collude together, like they can form a really strong power and say that, oh, everybody is, you know, in this, but then when they all drop out, there's just like this one loner.
And I don't know why my school is still mandating, but we are.
It's kind of baffling, but, um,
Yeah, I have another question and this will probably help our viewers who are unfamiliar with this topic.
I know if you're talking about a lot of case law and a lot of heavy words, heavy terminology as well.
What's like, how do you get started on making voyas?
For me, I actually went through, I was looking at insurance bonds.
I realized that the K-12 schools, because the public education, the educators, they're all public servants, so they all are bonded with surety bounds through their insurance.
And there has been groups of people who, again, were very upset over the mandates,
started collecting these school sturdy bonds and saying that, hey, you know, I have your insurance information and it says that you can't do this, this and this, but I see that you've done it.
So I'm going to write you a letter stating what you've done wrong, your insurance information.
And if you don't, you know, correct, um, drop these mandates or correct what you're, you're doing wrong, we're going to like find you by going to your insurance company and getting the money there.
And there's this website that's called Bonds for the Wind that lists the FOIA information.
So there's actually laws.
It's usually like the Sunshine Law or something similar, Sunshine Code.
that you can make a template out of and request it to your school.
So this bondsfather1.com website had templates for, I believe, all 50 states.
And that's why I started finding Connecticut's laws on public record requests.
And I did get the insurance records for my university.
I didn't go any further than that.
Okay, yeah, I can actually... Oh, this is Tice's screen.
I thought it was my screen because I'm on the same thing.
But yeah, why don't you show them, Tice?
I believe it's under step-by-step guide and there's a bond request letter.
I think that's where you can find all of the templates.
Yeah, so I clicked on mine and was able to get a template.
I customized it because they had put some other information out there specifically for the K-12 schools and I customized it for a higher ed university and that's how I found out about FOIAs and what sort of, you know,
nice juicy information you can get out of there.
How did you guys start and do you guys have like a specific like process of making these records requests?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, you came across the next one too, which is like what I was saying earlier, like how I came across polar record balls on UC's website looking for something entirely different.
So maybe that's the best way to start.
It sounds like we both use it a lot.
which makes it weird because most people don't make public record requests, which isn't a good thing.
But I mean, how to get started the easier way as opposed to finding it on accident.
It's like Tyson said, like, look up your state's law.
So in Ohio, it's the Secretary of State, or no, the Attorney General.
So the Attorney General publishes in Ohio every year something called the Sunshine Manual, which is like a 150, 200 page document with like,
every the entire public records law and open meetings act broken down like line by line and like dozens and dozens of case law specific to each part of the of the law so like for me that's a really good place to start because then like if you even if you just have one case law let me not get too specific on that but like look for that I mean like I said Ohio is really we're privileged in Ohio to have the record laws that we do but like start by looking
just for your state's laws and then just looking for how to interpret those laws because you need to make yourself familiar with that.
As far as case law goes, like I said, for me it was an easy starting point because I had this document at that point to be in the direction of some case law.
And then once you find relevant case law, case law is going to be quoting other case law when they're building their argument.
So once you find one case law, like even if it's only kind of relevant to what you're looking for, you might find one that's quoted in that case that's really close to what you're looking for.
And then you can use that to like, that's how I've always navigated case law.
I mean, I have no formal training, but the internet makes it easy.

[SPEAKER_03]
But like, if you don't, I mean,

[SPEAKER_02]
I assume, again, if you use Google, like Google, case law, my state, public records law, like case law and public records law in this state, even just starting that broad.
Public records law is not that complicated, like you're gonna find cases that are specific.
And again, another thing too, ask if they offered in your state, again, Ohio's really good.
But I mean, even if they don't say it in the law, just ask anyways.
If they deny a request, ask them to provide legal reasoning why, provide case law that supports you denying my request.
Because if they deny it, in Ohio at least it's gonna be on the grounds of it being too broad.
Like I was explaining earlier, like it's too broad, they can't find the record you're looking for, they can deny it for that.
for something being a non-record, like everybody's lunch order, they can redact things that are legal attorney-client privilege information, or in the case of schools, student information is redacted, personal information is redacted.
So there are different reasons that each state that you might get denied or that something might be redacted.
In Ohio, for both denials and redactions, you can request legal reasoning.
So that's another way to get case law is make them send you the case law.
And then half the time when they send you case law, again, these are records you study instead of the process.
way too many record requests because there's again there's more general purposes like you asked me earlier why would somebody make a record request there's more general purposes that people make record requests just a million different reasons for collecting data for collecting emails just a million different things like
So they're processing a lot of these record requests.
So if somebody sends an obscure one in that requires an argument to be made to not process it, which they're probably, if it's a lot of records that you're looking for, like if you're trying to get something that's going to produce 10,000 emails, they're going to try to deny it just because before they send you it, they have to read every of the 10,000 emails to make sure there's no attorney client privilege information or student information in there that needs to be redacted.
Cause if they send it to you with that stuff in it, then they can get in trouble in a totally different way.
So.
Like it's very, it's very labor intensive for schools to process public records.
And again, that's another reason just like sending the emails out, like that's an ancillary reason during COVID that it was useful because I would just flood them with record requests.
Like, and they, in Ohio, again, this is Ohio, but in Ohio, they have a legal obligation to respond within a reasonable time.
That's literally the law, reasonable time, which has been interpreted in a lot of different ways, but it's actually been always been interpreted
to favor the person requesting it.
So all you have to do is if they take too much time, like what I would do is I'd fill out a sample, like again, like a sample complaint.
In Ohio, if they don't process your request, there's a process in the courts made for citizens to do without an attorney, where it's like a cheap filing fee.
You file a complaint and then the judge can compel them to release the records and find them for not doing it.
Like you just threaten that and then like two days later you'll get your records.
But just by flooding.

[SPEAKER_00]
What is that process called to request it?

[SPEAKER_02]
To make the record request.

[SPEAKER_00]
Or to speed it up.
Yeah, to speed it up.

[SPEAKER_02]
Speeding it up is just called being annoying.
I always
When I make a request, I always say when I want it by.
And again, in Ohio, it's just reasonable time.
So there isn't a time frame.
So I just make up one that I think is reasonable.
And I give them a lot of time.
I'll give them a minimum of a month, usually.
But for bigger record requests, I've given them more than a month.
And small things like a week or two.
It's one record, like a W2.
And then I have a date where if it's like a week away, I'll say, hey, if it's not here, I'm going to file a complaint.
And then one time, I had to take a picture of the filled out complaint form and send it to the guy.
And then they processed it.
They just want to avoid using resources and doing work.
So you just have to make it more difficult for them to not fulfill your request.
I mean, the way I did it wasn't pretty.
It's not formal.
And record requests aren't made to be formal.
Like in Ohio, and again, it's Ohio.
But most places are probably the same way.
Record requests are designed for the average citizen to be able to make them.
You don't need any legal training or knowledge to be able to do public record requests.
But the more you inform yourself, obviously, the further you're going to get.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
That's excellent.
Yeah.
After going the hard route of finding out how to do these requests,
you know by email and using laws and you know quoting you know codes and stuff and then waiting a long long process of following up like hey are you still looking for these or not um I realized that our school website literally has a webpage dedicated
Making public record requests and it's as simple as filling out a form.
And once I, you know, Google it up, you know, my school name, public record requests, I can see all the other record requests that other people made and whether they were fulfilled or not.
So that was a pretty cool discovery for me.
But here's a thing.
We all go to public schools, and I've been talking with, I know there's a bunch of issues that go on in private schools.
Can FOIA requests still be made at private schools, or is this just a public school thing?
Do you know?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes and no.
Any communication that has any material relevance to it about something, again, anything that's a public record.
So it's not just miscellaneous correspondence, but it's about something.
Any email like that from a government official is public record.
So for example, Xavier University in Cincinnati is a public school.
But if there's representatives at Xavier emailing the local board of health or emailing the state government or emailing the governor,
then those emails are public record because there's a public official on them.
You just have to request it from the public official, not from the university.
So I've never tried that.
I almost tried with Xavier, but because after the IUC, when I started inculcating all these other schools, I did send a few like sporadic requests out to random public universities in Ohio, and I was trying to collect
some more diverse information, even though almost everything I have is about university Cincinnati, just out of like, I had to manage my time and I was mostly concerned about that.
And I almost tried to do that with Xavier, but I never actually tried.
So the answer is yes.
And you might have to do research, this would probably be state to state, but the actual private entity might have some responsibility to give you the records as well.
I'm sure that's a law in some places.
like because they're working with the government, they might be responsible to also maintain those records.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so I got some records from private schools when
When we found out about the IUC, I emailed like every school in Ohio and I just requested like their communications between like Ohio State University and then also schools that are federally private schools still receive federal funding for like a lot of the COVID stuff the same way the public schools did.
And so you're able to get like communications about that too right now.
So there are ways to do it.

[SPEAKER_00]
So can you like request pretty much anything?
What would be within a public record?
Is just anything within their job description?
No, like there's plenty of stuff that goes out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, anything I was interested in was definitely outside of their job description, because that was the whole reason we were suing them in the first place.
But no, it's like anything that they say while they're at work, that's not about lunch, basically.
I just say lunch because it's not about lunch.
It's not about hitting on your coworker or getting the happy hour after work.
It's not about any of that stuff.
But anything, you know whether or not to pull.
Anybody knows that part once they see it.
But again, like the barrier isn't like, can you ask, so can you ask for anything?
Yes.
But I like, you have to know what you're asking for in order for them to find it.
That's the barrier.
So it's like in Ohio, again, I don't know other states, but in Ohio school are all public entities, or at least all the schools do.
Maybe it's not law.
I'd have to check that.
But like every school in Ohio, they have what's called like a records retention schedule.
Actually, this is probably all.
So, like, a records retention schedule, it has a breakdown of every, like, major class of records, and it says how long the school has to retain them.
So, like, public records don't last forever.
They have retention periods, and then they're destroyed.
So, like, the one that I would always quote was executive correspondence, which, in context of this, is just any correspondence between administrators at the school, with any relevance to anything going on at the school.
and would include their emails, and they had a retention period of two years.
Although I believe at UC, just because of the HR software that they use for Outlook, Outlook stores, I don't think they ever actually delete emails at UC.
I think they just store everything, because I've gotten stuff that's older than two years.
But just to be formal, I would usually only make requests going at most two years back.
So like, for the IUC thing I'm doing now with their public open meetings act,
That's why I requested the last two years of meeting minutes because technically that's the retention period on this as well.
So like that, but you don't really have to worry about retention periods as long as you're requesting about things that are happening now.
But the records retention schedule itself is a good place to start because it categorizes all the different types of records.
So like if you want, like for example, I've tried to
I tried to get information on their accounting, like on their books, like specific images of their general ledger accounts.
And that I found to be very difficult, because they have a broad category where general ledgers is listed as a record.
But then they're like, OK, which ledger account do you want?
What's the name of the account?
And you have to know specific details about how they format their general ledger in order to even make a request.
going off in kind of a rabbit hole, but in Ohio there's been case law with public records that like you can't like a record wouldn't be a list of every general ledger account they have unless that list already existed.
So like in Ohio you can't request something that requires the records department like the people processing requests that requires them to make a record.
So like they can't just go look at the general ledger and write down all the accounts and give it to you because then they're creating a public record
So that's not a public record.
So the answer to your question is, yes, you can request anything.
But you have to do a lot of legwork first to get something very detailed.
And that's why emails are the best place to start.
Because when you're reading their emails, you're learning their lingo.
And you're learning how they do their work.
And then you can make more specific requests that are easy for them to find.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, got it.
Before we go, Ben, so what are, because we got like five minutes here, what are some of the best tips that you would say for people that are starting off with record requesting?

[SPEAKER_01]
And can I add one more thing to what Ty's has for you?
What are, I know a lot of students are still in school, but they want to, you know, take action with this.
So what are some ways to protect privacy when making these requests?
And the floor is yours.

[SPEAKER_02]
Over the first answer, like the best way is to just make some public record requests.
Make a request, just do a little research under state, then make the request.
And if it's denied, you're going to learn about the process just by doing that.
And then if it's denied, modify your request to fit what they're asking for, resubmit it.
And that's all that it is at the end of the day.
It's just, I still have to do that.
I'm still going back and forth with them, but it's just a matter of doing it.
Um, now as far as, um, your quote, what was your question about students?

[SPEAKER_01]
Um, protecting privacy.
Oh yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's something I never, well again, I was obsessed about with public records and I knew everything I was sending to these people was a public record.
But when I was a student there, if they ever, if anybody ever made a record request that had my email and I sent some really crazy emails to these people, like I would
I would meme them in a way and I used a lot of humor with them because that's just how I process these kind of things.
So I definitely sent some emails with like taking out a context would definitely quote unquote cancel me, especially for the first stuff I was doing because of the irony would have been too much for people to handle.
But like if somebody did get my emails and requests,
which I'm sure they have because I do know like one of our local newspapers had emails that I've gotten in requests and so they've probably seen like I've gotten my own emails and my record requests dozens of times because I'm emailing the people I'm requesting emails from and like even when they send me my emails so they know I'm making the request and they're sending me my emails my name and anything referring to me that would refer to me personally is redacted so as long as you're a student
You're protected in that sense.
But once you file a lawsuit, that's all at the window.
Your name's public record now, as somebody who's filed a lawsuit against this entity.
But at the end of the day, there's nothing really to be worried about, especially if it's like, I mean, this is controversial, yes.
But as long as you're just requesting records, you're not actually making a statement.
You're just being a journalist, basically.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's a great way to quick.
In most states, I want to say I know every state because I requested records in a few states at a few like colleges that I think are more involved.
with the creation of COVID.
But in most states, you don't have to provide your name, and you can use a fake email.
You can be completely anonymous requesting, too, because I know what my college just did is they have a new policy, thanks to me, I'm pretty sure, that if you request a personal record of a public employee,
they'll do their best to inform that public employee that you are the one that requested it.
And so I made sure to request a couple of W-2s from some administrators I don't like so they have to know that I'm requesting them.

[SPEAKER_02]
I was sharing mine.

[SPEAKER_01]
I picked a random, you know, common first name and a last name from one of the towns that was nearby me and then changed one of the letters so that it was still phonetically correct and then put it at gmail.com and then requested my records.
So it sounds real, but it's not an actual person.
But those are great tips, Ben.
I had such a great time talking with you tonight.
Thank you so much for coming on to share all of your smart tips and knowledge with us.
This was a great episode.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, thank you guys.
It was really fun.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, thank you, Ben.
You're always great.

[SPEAKER_01]
Awesome.
Keep us posted on how your requests go.
I'd love to hear.
All right.
Well, thank you so much.
We are a minute past the hour.
It has been a great show tonight.
And although we don't have Twitter spaces tonight, thank you so much for watching VSRF Live College Edition.
If you found the episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up.
You can leave a comment and share it with friends and family.
So good night, everyone, and we'll see you in two weeks.
