[SPEAKER_08]
I am a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition and welcome to our weekly show.
Tonight we'll be talking with Thais Pat in Ohio University student who is currently fighting a lawsuit against COVID-19 mandates.
and hopefully Mila Raditich as well.
She is currently working out internet issues, but she is a California Community College and Stanford and Yale CME Continuing Medical Education student.
She was severely injured by the COVID-19 vaccine and we are calling for truth and transparency so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and the freedom to have education.
So before we dive into tonight's topic of swine flu versus COVID-19 versus leading causes of young deaths and look at the striking similarities between them.
VSRF is a 501C through organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research.
And we also provide support to the vaccine injured
So we encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry and questions.
So thank you for joining us live on Rumble tonight.
If you'd like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments.
Now, last Friday, we received some breaking news that the New York State Supreme Court dropped vaccine mandates for healthcare workers.
Judge Garo Neri held that the COVID vaccine
Judge Guerrero and Neri held that the COVID-19 vaccine mandate is now null, void, and of no effect because the New York State Department of Health had lacked authority to impose such a mandate, which is reserved to the state legislators power.
So if I can share my screen, I would like to show you a snippet of the lawsuit.
The court had determined that as COVID-19 vaccine mandates do not stop transmission, the mandates are arbitrary and capricious with no sound basis and reason taken without regard to the fact.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, so.

[SPEAKER_08]
Next up, the CDC and the FDA.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, so this past week, too, as well, we got big news that the CDC and FDA have apparently noticed a safety signal finally being triggered.
And this was in the VSD database, which is the vaccine safety data link that the CDC and FDA manages.
And specifically, they're talking about the new bivaliant booster.
But one of these big risks that they're admitting they've seen is a stroking risk.
And so of course we know the past two years they've kind of spent denying that there's a risk of stroke and people who have called attention to people randomly dying of strokes that seemingly had no warning signs before.
were kind of ignored by the CDC and FDA.
And so it's good that at least they finally have admitted that it is happening.
At this point, I feel like it's probably more them just trying to cover their butts because they lied about it for so long and can't keep it hidden anymore.
But this is great progress.
For a lot of reasons, it'll open the door to more lawsuits for people that are affected.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah that's also really interesting that all of this is coming out now it's like I'm sure they had this um well if they would have done the clinical trials correctly within like then they would have had this data now and now they're like oh whistleblower all this like new information is coming out oh it might not be safe it's like the majority of the population has already gotten it I'm curious to see how it's going to turn out and like
10 years from now, maybe even five.
There's going to be a lot of health problems from this.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, what's really interesting with this announcement, too, is in bold on the CDC, they say no change in vaccination practices recommended.
So they're still recommending these vaccines for everybody.
And we'll kind of get into this later.
But it's just kind of mind blowing for them not to put the hot on it right now, especially when they're finally admitting to this.
They say it's in age 65 and older.
And they also say it's only the bivalient booster.
And so hopefully more comes out and they admit that they even claim in this press release that VAERS and other systems haven't grown up any safety signals about similar things, which I think is just a blatant lie that anybody I encourage everybody watching us to go check out this CDC press release and then go check out the data that's in the VAERS.
We're going to cover a little bit today.
But they're just blatantly lying about this being the first safety signal three years later.
But at least they're admitting it.
So just step in the right direction.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I suppose it's a start, but that's not the only adverse effect coming from it.
They're going to try to slowly keep releasing all this information like, oh, well, here's another like, oh, it might not be safe for this group.
It might not be safe for this group.
And then it's going to turn out like, oh, it's not state really at all.

[SPEAKER_10]
Do you guys think?
The reason they might be kind of more willing to admit to some of these things is because of Fauci being on his way out and the threat now of investigations against the CDC and FDA.
Not only from Ron DeSantis is holding his own grand jury, but the new Congress has promised to investigate these things.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, I definitely think so.
Also something that we'll cover later today is how the FDA was forced to put together their safety documents and release it because of a court case.
So I think this definitely contributes to it and they're trying to act beforehand before it gets too worse for them, even though we know that it is already a bad situation.
Talking about court cases,
This is my recent article just published this morning on unreasonable search and seizure, how COVID-19 testing mandates violate the Constitution.
This is a court case ongoing court case in New Jersey where 26 individuals, government workers had sued New Jersey government due to violations of the First Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, the Fourteenth Amendment and Equal Protection Clause.
So I would highly encourage you to head over to Daily Cloud and view this article.
But now let's go back in time to the 1976 swine flu, which is when the time the government mandated vaccines for the public with a fast-track vaccine.
And it turned out to be a really foolish mistake.
So let's watch this clip from 60 Minutes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Remember the swine flu scare of 1976?
That was the year the U.S. government told us all that swine flu could turn out to be a killer that could spread across the nation.
And Washington decided that every man, woman and child in the nation should get a shot to prevent a nationwide outbreak, a pandemic.
Well, 46 million of us obediently took the shot.
And now 4,000 Americans are claiming damages from Uncle Sam amounting to three and a half billion dollars.
because of what happened when they took that shot.
By far the greatest number of the claims, two-thirds of them, are for neurological damage or even death.

[SPEAKER_13]
This virus was the cause of a pandemic in 1918 and 1919 that resulted in over half a million deaths in the United States as well as 20 million deaths around the world.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thus, the U.S. government's publicity machine was cranked into action to urge all America to protect itself against the swine flu menace.

[SPEAKER_06]
Influenza is serious business.
During major flu epidemics, millions of people are sick and thousands die.
Well, this year you can get protection.
The vaccines are safe, easy to take, and they can protect you against flu.
So protect yourself.

[SPEAKER_10]
So I think it's real interesting.
This is something to keep in mind while we watch the rest of this video too.
You're going to see a lot of similarities between how this vaccine in the 1976 was rolled out compared to the COVID-19 vaccines.
I think it's interesting in this how they talk about the publicity machine being thrown into full gear.
And I think, obviously, we saw that same thing this year, even the same exact line that vaccines are safe, they protect, they're going to protect you, all this.
And so I think it's really striking to see how the playbook hasn't changed much.

[SPEAKER_05]
One of those who did roll up her sleeve was Judy Roberts.
She was perfectly healthy and active woman when in November of 1976 she took her shot.
Two weeks later she says she began to feel a numbness starting up her legs.

[SPEAKER_11]
By the following week I was totally paralyzed.

[SPEAKER_05]
So completely paralyzed in fact that they had to operate on her to enable her to breathe.
And for six months Judy Roberts was a quadriplegic.
The diagnosis?
A neurological disorder called Guillain-Barre syndrome.
This disease can even kill.
Indeed, there are 300 claims now pending from the families of GBS victims who died, allegedly as a result of the swine flu shot.
Judy, why did you take the flu shot?

[SPEAKER_11]
I'd never taken any other flu shots, but I felt like this was going to be a major epidemic.
And the only way to prevent a major epidemic of a really deadly variety of flu was for everybody to be immunized.

[SPEAKER_05]
As part of informing Americans about the swine flu threat, Dr. Sensor's CDC also helped create the advertising to get the public to take the shot.

[SPEAKER_14]
Swine flu, man, I'm too fast for that to catch me.

[SPEAKER_06]
You'll want to be protected.
Get a shot to protect you.
The swine flu shot.

[SPEAKER_05]
Let me read to you from one of your own agencies.
memos, planning the campaign to urge Americans to take the shot.
The swine flu vaccine has been taken by many important persons, he wrote.
Example, President Ford, Henry Kissinger, Elton John, Muhammad Ali, Mary Tyler Moore, Rudolph Nureyev, Walter Cronkite, Ralph Nader, Edward Kennedy, et cetera, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_04]
Did you talk to these people beforehand to find out if they planned to take the shot?
I did not know.
Did anybody?
I do not know.

[SPEAKER_05]
Did you get permission to use their names in your campaign?
I do not know.
Mary, did you take a swine flu shot?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I did not.

[SPEAKER_05]
Did you give them permission to use your name saying that you had or were going to?

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely not.
Never did.

[SPEAKER_05]
Did you ask your own doctor about taking this wine flu shot?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, and at the time he thought it might be a good idea.
But I resisted it because I was leery of having the symptoms that sometimes go with that kind of inoculation.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you didn't?

[SPEAKER_07]
No, I didn't.

[SPEAKER_05]
Have you spoken to your doctor since?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.
And?
He's delighted that I didn't take that shot.

[SPEAKER_10]
So there's a couple big takeaways, I think, here.
First of all, obviously they were saying that people, celebrities were vaccinated.
And then when 60 minutes asked some of these celebrities if they were vaccinated, they said, no, and I never told them they could say that.
And obviously we saw a lot of that the past two years.
And then even recently this week, I know Michael Phelps posted a paid partnership post with Pfizer, still advertising the vaccine and how great it's been for him.
Um, and it's just, it's really crazy to see how pharma pharma hasn't really deviated much.
Even the government too, in this case that is was pushing the vaccine back then even, um, it really shows how they're willing to lie and manipulate.
And I don't think if these vaccines are really such a great thing that were to help people, why do they need to lie and manipulate people to take them?
I think that's a reoccurring theme.
And it's really funny to see here that the same thing was happening then.
And not much has changed, sadly.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, absolutely.
I also think that when this interviewer
than from the CDC director, David Sankar.
And this reminds me a lot of what's the name of a Project Veritas's whistleblower series, where they go in and they find employees of these big tech companies, pharma companies, and they interview them and it reveals shocking information that their directors and their corporate heads aren't able to say.
And that just reminded me immensely of how close the situation seems to be.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'd also have to agree with what Ty said specifically.
If it really was all that great, why were they giving out incentives?
Why are they really still doing everything under the table?
It's very interesting because if it was backed up by science, here's another thing.
Why are there quote-unquote facts and doctors supporting, and there's two sides of the argument?
Shouldn't a fact be just a fact?
If the vaccine really did work, that's all people would say.
Why are there facts disproving that?
I just don't quite understand it.

[SPEAKER_10]
In the last part of the short clip, it will see in a second that they really get caught in an even bigger life, which we'll see is exactly what's also going on today.

[SPEAKER_05]
Dr. Michael Hapwick directed the surveillance team for the swine flu program at the CDC.
His job was to find out what possible complications could arise from taking the shot and to report his findings to those in charge.
Did you know ahead of time, Dr. Hapwick?
that there had been case reports of neurological disorders, neurological illness, apparently associated with the injection of influenza vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
You did?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
How'd you know that?
By review of the literature.
So you told your superiors, the men in charge of the swine flu immunization program, about the possibility of neurological disorders.

[SPEAKER_03]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
What would you say if I told you that your superiors say that you never told them about the possibility of neurological complications?

[SPEAKER_03]
That's nonsense.
I can't believe that they would say that they did not know that there were neurological illnesses associated with influenza vaccination.
That simply is not true.
We did know that.

[SPEAKER_04]
I've said that Dr. Hatwick had never told me of his feelings on this subject.
And he's lying.
I guess you would have to make that assumption.

[SPEAKER_05]
Then why does this report from your own agency dated July 1976 list neurological complications as a possibility?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think the consensus of the scientific community was that the evidence relating neurologic disorders to influenza immunization
was such that they did not feel that this association was a real one.

[SPEAKER_05]
You didn't feel it was necessary to tell the American people that information?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think that over the years we have tried to inform the American people as fully as possible.
The vaccines are safe, easy to take,

[SPEAKER_06]
and they can protect you against the police.

[SPEAKER_02]
I told Judy to take the shot.
She wasn't going to take it.
And she never had shots and I'm mad with my government because they knew the facts.
But they didn't release those facts because if they had released them, the people wouldn't have taken it.
And they can come out tomorrow and tell me there's going to be an epidemic.
And they can drop off like flies to me.
I will not take another shot that my government tells me to take.

[SPEAKER_05]
meantime, Judy Roberts and some 4,000 others like her are still waiting for their day in court.

[SPEAKER_06]
This is the CBS television network.

[SPEAKER_10]
So they were caught lying about
knowing there was these possible adverse effects and then when he's caught lying I think it's very it's funny how he goes straight to well we did know then but the scientific community reached a consensus um
And it's crazy to hear that said out loud.
The scientific community reached a consensus?
Why didn't the science reach that consensus?
It's kind of like the same appeal to authority thing that's happening today.
When the data or the science disagrees with them,
Default to well everybody agrees with us, you know all these and then you know insert whoever it is here insert doctor authority figure here Fauci whatever it is and It's It's crazy to see how similar this is, but I know what we're about to get into next We're gonna provide a lot more
information surrounding the 1976 flu and vaccine and compare it to the COVID vaccines.
And I think probably the biggest takeaway is that, well, we've talked about a lot of similarities so far, but the differences are really the crazy part.
This 1976 shot ended up being pulled, and the COVID vaccine still hasn't been pulled.
And I think you'll see why that's very interesting when we get to the numbers here.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
Before we dive into the 1976 swine flu and the COVID-19 comparison, I just want to make a point on the consensus aspect that you mentioned.
So one of the things that we will cover later on is the consensus that led to the
discovery and identification of the COVID-19 virus.
But another thing that I was thinking of as you brought this up was this situation, this consensus situation, actually occurred over at Yale where they had originally consulted their medical doctors and all the doctors had disapproved, disagreed with moving forward with the mandates.
um this was done under a secret meeting so there were you know limited amounts of meeting minutes to this but i heard this through word of mouth um what happened was even despite consulting the medical doctors over at Yale they the administration went ahead and imposed mandates on the students so currently
The students are mandated to get both a bivalent and the flu shot by January 31st, whereas the faculty have no mandates.
The faculty aren't mandated this.
So this was done under consensus, under agreement that this was common knowledge.
This equal thing happened over at Ohio State University.
I won't dive into it deeply.
but just so that people know that this is what discussions are happening in our college campuses.
But now I'll show my screen and we can dive into the comparison between 1976 swine flu and COVID-19.
So this is an article from history.com and I believe that it had pulled quite a lot of facts that we'll be using to compare today.
First of all, in 1976, we had 144 people die and the WHO declared a pandemic on June 11th.
This was not factory consistent with the definition of a pandemic at that time, and the definition was later changed.
Now, in today, we see that 6% of deaths were purely caused by the COVID-19 virus.
And the COVID-19 survival rate is 99.983%.
Right here.
So this is for each age range in an average down below.
Just solely COVID-19, you have a 99.98% chance of survival.
Next, back then we had 11 individuals tested positive, but recovered.
And FOIA, which is Freedom of Information Request, had revealed that 211 health and science institutions have no record of natural SARS-CoV-2 isolation or purification.
This is the CDC's own coronavirus PCR diagnostic panel.
And you can see below, right below here, it says that no quantified virus isolates were available.
What happened then was the PCR testing protocol was based on in-silical or other known as theoretical or computer-generated genetic sequences that were provided by ELAP in China.
This is the Cormand-Jroestyn review report done externally, and they had found 10 flaws with the PCR test.
And the first one was an international consortium of virus experts had used in-silical sequences to
create this COVID-19 virus.
I heard a really good explanation by Dr. Thomas Cohen and he said that it was essentially this analogy was that you find a unicorn horn.
a unicorn hoof, a unicorn tail.
And then you took those three elements into a computer and then generated multiple models of unicorns.
Despite ever knowing that unicorns exist, okay?
So they have, you know, computer generated models of unicorns.
And then a group of doctors came together and decided, okay, hmm, I think this is the best unicorn that ever presents.
No, that one is the best unicorn.
But in the end, you have no actual, natural proof of what you're looking for, and yet you have decided, based on consensus, using tidbits of data, genomic sequences, to come out with a unicorn.
Now, if you, one of their pieces of evidence, was wings or feathers, then what would you have?
Would you have a flying unicorn?
So I heard that explanation, the analogy, and I thought that was such a great picture to how the formation and the discovery of COVID-19 virus came to be.
And then next, we have 135 million that was presented to President Ford.
And this Smithsonian article had said that the government promised a vaccine so there had to be a vaccine.
And I just think that is so very striking that once the government says something, no matter if they had originally jumped on it for the potential good press of saving their constituents, once they say it, it has to be done.
even if it's no longer good.
Likewise, we see that we have 4.7 trillion committed by the Federal Reserve Actions, 5.5 trillion, which are from legislative actions and 800 billion in administrative actions.
Then, public service announcements as we just saw urged citizens to get a shot of protection.
And fast forward to today, we have advertisements saying to the citizens that the vaccines are safe and effective and we have to get back to normal and protect loved ones.

[SPEAKER_10]
Just an interesting little fact right here while we're talking about the public advertisements.
Did you guys know that the United States is one of the only countries that allows big pharma to advertise their drugs?
Essentially in every other country, telling people to buy or telling people to use a medication isn't really legal.
There's one other country that it is legal, but it's so heavily regulated that the pharma companies don't even do it.
And so really this kind of stuff only happens in America.
Besides, in other countries, the governments will sponsor campaigns and stuff to advertise like this vaccine they did.
But America, I think it's probably likely the result of lobbying.
And these pharma companies have so much money, and they buy politicians a nice dinner, get them whatever they want, maybe give them a little gift, and they're like, hey, by the way, let's make sure that pharmaceutical advertising remains legal.
And it's kind of like a win-win for them while
the American public loses and receives misinformation that is approved by the government and put out by Big Pharma.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, it's also interesting because kind of following back to the topic we just discussed, you see in all these pharmaceutical and drug commercials where they, at the very end of them, they list all the side effects that could be possibly associated with taking it.
And until I think
very recently, like within the past like month or two months, they wouldn't list all of those possible side effects you could get from the COVID vaccine.
Like I can tell you when I went in person and I asked them to walk me through what all the possibilities were.
like myocardous, any of the heart conditions, the neurological ones that I got, um, the cytokine storm, anything like really big other than, oh, you could, you could be a little bit dizzy.
You can, um, you could have stomach problems for a week.
Like none of that was mentioned.
And it's interesting because they knew about that.
Why exactly like, did they just happen to not mention
Yeah, it is.

[SPEAKER_10]
Now that you've said that, Mila, I really haven't paid much attention to that until now.
But yeah, I see the Pfizer commercials all the time.
And they don't have to list off side effects.
And it's probably a good analogy for kind of the whole pandemic where for this one treatment, for this one vaccine,
a lot of these rules have just been thrown out the window, right?
So like, it's just like the 1976 swine flu pandemic where they expedited the vaccine, no matter what a vaccine was going to come out, right?
Whether it was, it really seems like whether it was safe or unsafe, they didn't really care.
They were going to put it out there and they were going to claim it safe no matter what.
And it's really not the first time they've done it either.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, this, this, um,
Like this comparison to the swine flu vaccine, I didn't know until we prepared to talk about it on the show.
It really should have been talked about when the pandemic first started and when they were expediting these vaccines because it's just so similar to what happened recently with coronavirus.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, definitely.
I know I've told people about the 1976 swine flu vaccine and people don't want to believe it at first because of what's happening now.
It seems we haven't really got into this part yet.

[SPEAKER_09]
definitely something with like college students in particular if something doesn't directly affect them then they it's like out of sight out of mind like oh well like it's it's not gonna happen to me so why should I care everyone's very much in their own little world and um that's like
until it happens to them or someone they love or someone close to them, not even someone close to them, even then they're still skeptical.
They just don't seem to believe it or care.
And I see that very much as a problem, especially in today's society.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, absolutely.
For me, my issue was the testing.
And the funny story is, the semester before I got kicked out, I was actually supposed to take the test
prior entering the semester.
But I had, you know, forgotten, like just pure, slipped out of my mind and I didn't realize until I saw the testing kit sitting on my desk two weeks after school starting, I was like, oh no, I've got to take the test, right?
But it was at that time, I picked it up and I had realized that something funky was going on with it.
I actually have it right here.
And the fact that it says that it's an innovative DNA collection kit,
And that it is for research use only right here for research use only and not for use in diagnostic procedures So I saw that was the time that I had saw this And I thought that was it was weird, so I didn't take it
What happened was I went through that semester just fine, went to in-person classes, did my online classes, did my hybrid classes.
Although I had a big red X on my immunization record, nothing happened.
I finished the semester just great.
So the second time around when they said, you have to take this test, I was like, huh, it didn't bother me the first time.
Will it actually this time?
But what happened was, yes, it actually did bother me this time and I ended up being cancelled from my school and along with that $23,000 of merit scholarships.
So it's funny because, you know, the first time I had it was, you know, out of sight, out of mind, no trouble.
Second time, you know, I get put on this, I get told that testing is recommended, then it gets mandated.
I'm like, that's really weird.
I have a class conflict, can't go out of sight, out of mind.
And then it comes, hits me in the face.
And now I'm sitting at home and not in school.
So I think that is a great point of, you know, how college students react and the fact that when they have some very imminent pressure of like classes and, you know, schedules and test exams come up, those occupy their mind instead of actual scientific data that is important to us.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, we don't tend to question the things that are just like set on our desk, you know, because these these professors, these the people that are in the government, they're supposed to be doing what's best for us as a community as a whole.
So I don't think
We tend to question it so much or be skeptical of it, but we're really like living on autopilot and by doing that we're becoming blind to what some of the negative effects of some of those decisions that they're making are and what's happening aside from what they want us to see.
That's very, um, it's like living like you're behind a curtain and you're not seeing everything behind it, but it's not the best way to live.
People should become more aware.

[SPEAKER_10]
Definitely.
Phoebe, do you want to put up the next part of the, uh, flu and COVID comparison?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, absolutely.
So we just went over how it started and then now we'll go over what went wrong.
So if I could just share my screen.
Okay, so 1976 flew, what went wrong?
One drug company had produced 2 million doses with the wrong viral strain.
Oh my goodness, you're not even vaccinated for the right thing.
But this, in this day, COVID vaccines were actually not tested and scientifically proven to prevent transmission.
Also, 19 million children can now get a vaccine based on seven COVID cases in a trial of 4.5,000 children.
So that is just very alarming.
The sample size was way too small, way, way, way too small.
And the testing was never properly done in the first place.
So now we're actually going to show a small snippet of J.A.
Small Pfizer director going over
the vaccine transparency.

[SPEAKER_12]
Was the Pfizer COVID vaccine tested on stopping the transmission of the virus before it entered the market?
If not, please say it clearly.
If yes, are you willing to share the data with this committee?
And I really want a straight answer, yes or no, and I'm looking forward to it.
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_01]
Regarding the question around, did we know about stopping humanisation before it entered the market?
No.
We had to really move at the speed of science to really understand what is taking place in the market.

[SPEAKER_08]
So they had to move at the speed of light to catch up with science.
I wonder why we're not doing that now.
Sure is questionable.
But the next thing that went wrong for the 1976 swine flu is that tests have failed to achieve suitable antibody levels in children.
Now fast forward to today.
We know that PCR tests are misused with a 97% false positivity rate.
And they were also withdrawn by the CDC on July 17th, 2021.
So this is the Cormand-Jourson Review Report.
And this is one of the flaws that was found with the testing.
And that if testing, if they had been cycled, if the PCR had been cycled over 35, which most laboratories here in the States are cycling around 38,
to 4042, you amplify the sample way too much, and you can find, as the founder of the PCR said, anything that you want in the test.

[SPEAKER_10]
Did you guys know why all the tests are still emergency use authorized for COVID?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, why would that be?

[SPEAKER_10]
There's a couple of reasons, I think, but I would almost guarantee that the main reason is because for it to receive for a test for COVID to receive FDA approval, it would have to actually be proven to be able to detect COVID-19.
Partially because of what Phoebe said earlier about the sequencing being so bad and also PCR tests being misused and just not having the right data to test for to begin with, realistically, none of them are very accurate at all.
And so that's why we see such a high-foss positivity rate and that's why none of them have been approved by the FDA to detect COVID.
There's not a single one in existence.

[SPEAKER_08]
Wow yeah absolutely and in fact here's the lab report lab alert by CDC from July 21st 2021 that had withdrawn the PCR tests due to you know false positivity.
Obviously they've come up with new PCR tests but just to let you know the first round of them failed.
Next up, we have the identification of vaccine companies because, again, of the fax tract of vaccine development that insurance companies refused to cover the vaccine companies due to inevitable
adverse reactions.
And then today we know that insurance companies are indemnified and 1,499,447 adverse events have been reported to VAERS.
Specifically on this point
One of my COVID-19 vaccine injury friends said that he has over $100,000 in medical debt as a college student.
And I just think that it's so heartbreaking because he is injured.
He is not capable to, you know, be productive as much as a healthy person is.
That means that it's reduced workload and even less capacity to pay off that debt.
And who is suffering because of all of this, because that they do not reveal all of the side effects to us?
We are.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I can tell you when it comes to all of that, they weren't initially when I got very sick from it.
They sent me to several different doctors, several different hospitals, and I did so many different tests.
And I'm still trying to recover from my financial situation because of that.
And even despite going to all those different doctors, and I still didn't receive treatment,
And now it was just so hard to access all those things and it put not just me but several other people in debt.

[SPEAKER_10]
Do we want to pull up the next slides?

[SPEAKER_08]
Back then, we had dozens of recipients got diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome.
Today, we know that the FDA has released safety data in court response, which includes death, myocarditis, Guillain-Barre syndrome, and much, much more.
This is FDA's own documents and the side effects that they have now listed.
Back then, 25 had died of vaccine induced Guillain-Barre syndrome, and this caused the government to halt the program on December 16, 1976.
And right under there, you can see that the New York Times had made a post on swine food program is halted.
However, for us today, the situation is quite different.
We have over 30,000 deaths that are reported to the VAERS system, and the vaccine program is still ongoing.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, so this is the big difference, and I want everybody watching to think back to that first video, the 60 Minutes video that we watched.
That looked really bad.
The government and the 1976 swine flu vaccine case, the government was caught lying.
They were caught doing all these things that we've also caught happening today.
And despite how bad that looked and how bad the lies were, they at least halted the vaccine program.
They got to the point where they admitted that what they had done was wrong and they stopped it.
They stopped and they stopped those vaccines from causing any more harm.
Today we have
hundreds and thousands of more deaths and injuries, and they still haven't stopped it.
And so while everything else is bad, I think this is the big point I was talking about.
This is that big difference.
How can they possibly justify allowing this vaccine to continue to be administered?
And not only that, how can they even justify still saying that it's safe or effective?
when they've pulled vaccines off the market for far, far less, and they still haven't pulled this one.
Phoebe, are you still able to hear us?
Nope, I think she might have just dropped out.
Mila, are you still able to hear me?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, I'm still able to hear you.
And I think Phoebe's back as well.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
I have a little technical glitch there.
Um, but yeah, it just, it seems unbelievable.
And I think this was, like I alluded to earlier, I, once I first heard about this, I started telling people about it.
And, um, the comparison between this swine flu and COVID,
It blew my mind from when I first learned about it.
It's the big red pill to swallow that.
The government knows this is happening.
We talked about earlier that they just finally admitted to some of these adverse events happening.
But they still are administering this vaccine.
And I think we all have a common goal now of getting that stopped, getting the program halted.
And so it's very important that we all keep working to do that, definitely.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Absolutely.
And now that we've seen, you know, how risky and how unprotective these vaccines can be from this wine flu and COVID-19 vaccine comparison, situation comparison,
The actual danger of the COVID virus is a lot less than what they have told us about.
So we're going to watch a two-minute video from the 2030 unmasked documentary that just shows you how many other causes of death there are there and what is the relation in towards COVID-19.
So if we could please play that video.

[SPEAKER_00]
At most, only 6% of the deaths were solely due to COVID.
That means throughout 2020, roughly 10,100 people in the US lost their life due to COVID.
Now, that's a big number to wrap your head around.
So to put that into perspective, throughout the world, on average, 240,000 people are struck by lightning every year.
The US is 4.3% of the world's population, which means about 10,300 of those lightning strikes would happen in the US.
In other words, you are literally more likely to be struck by lightning than to die solely as a result of COVID.
You are more likely to be struck by lightning.
This is all published and verified data.
COVID has a greater than 99% survival rate.
So why doesn't the media talk about it?
Simple, the media does not work for you.
They work for them.
If the media actually was concerned for your health, why not spend time each day giving advice on how to improve your immune system?
If politicians are so concerned with the lives of citizens, then why do they allow cigarettes to kill 480,000 people every year just in America alone?
There are more people dying from cigarettes that don't even smoke than those dying from COVID-19.
If our health is of the utmost importance, then why do they give our tax dollars to the sugar processing plants to reduce the cost of an addictive substance put into our foods, which leads to the death of 1.3 million Americans each year?
If the government wants to save lives, why do they actively kill 11 million of them annually with tax dollar-paid abortions?
Yet we're supposed to believe that a virus that has killed 273,000 people and according to the CDC that number is actually far less, is a reason for the politicians to suddenly care about our health and they care about our health so much that they have to forcibly shutter small businesses and lock healthy citizens into their homes.
When the police arrest and assault you for exercising in a gym, but allow you a trip to McDonald's for a Big Mac because it's essential, it's probably time to admit to yourself the current authority

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, that video very, it brought up some good points.
Like if you really look at the numbers, it's the fact that you have a better chance of being struck by lightning and dying from that rather than COVID is absolutely insane.
You just don't hear people talk about that.
What do you guys think?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Um, I know.
Like, what's interesting to me is, because I've been familiar with this data for a while, I've looked it up and used it in my arguments in Student Senate.
And that's when, when I first started researching it, I expected it to not be nearly as big a gap as it is, I guess, if that makes sense, because even though I had known that COVID wasn't that deadly for most people,
You know, just the constant news bombardment of them saying it's so bad, I assumed that it would be much higher.
And it was really, it was crazy for me the first time to see that, especially for younger kids, like pneumonia had killed more kids in the first year.
And I didn't see the government and Big Pharma dropping everything to get out a new pneumonia vaccine.
And so if it was really about our health and safety, I think this is what it always comes back to.
that they just weren't interested in that.
They really weren't.
They were interested in taking advantage of this pandemic that happened.
Like they did in 1976, a pandemic happened and they saw it as an opportunity almost.
And that is absolutely not good for healthcare across the board.
And I think, yeah, this video just really puts it into perspective that
Why aren't we spending all this time focusing on these other things that are much deadlier and much bigger problems?
It's put us in a position where our solution to the problem has been worse than the problem itself at every corner.
Even before the vaccines, the effect that lockdowns had on everything, absolutely terrible.
And then the vaccines themselves,
At this point, it's hard to argue against all the data coming out and deny that the vaccines are not more dangerous than COVID.
The COVID vaccines, it seems at this point, are what's driving excess deaths and sickness across the world.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah in fact I too was very surprised I had you know in the beginning known that COVID was not as dangerous as they had said but this past few weeks doing research on looking up the safety data I again was surprised by how in comparison to other leading causes of young death
how low the percentage for COVID was.
So I'd actually like to share my screen now for this article on the New England Journal of Medicine, which shows current causes of death in young children.
So I will share my screen.
So if we could just pull up screen sharing.
OK, great.
So this is an article, our last article for tonight in the New England Journal of Medicine.
And you can see in the literature itself, and if you look over onto the graph, particularly between the years of 2019 and 2020, that firearm that's spiked by almost 30%
29.5 percent, which was twice as high as the relative increase in the general population.
What also spiked incredibly was drug overdose and poisoning.
It had increased by 83.6 percent from 2019 to 2020 among children and adolescents, which became the third leading cause of death in that age group.
But finally, if you look down to the last sentence in the literature right here, it says that COVID-19 itself had resulted in only 0.2 deaths per 100,000 children and illiterate adolescents in 2020.
Now, I took this graph and I actually drew out the leading causes, the three leading causes of death.
Firearm injuries are 5.6 theft per 100,000 children and adolescents.
Car crashes are 5.0 deaths.
Every 100,000 children and adolescents.
Drug overdose and poisoning 2.2 deaths.
And finally, COVID-19 way down here at the bottom.
is 0.2 deaths, which is absolutely crazy.
What was also mentioned in the literature was that the other several causes of death stayed relatively consistent throughout time, and my correlation to that
was the lockdowns and the social distancing and the immense propaganda, the messaging from the government.
They created psychological distress on people of our age, and if you think about it,
How do people respond to psycho distress?
What ways, what behaviors do they do when they're distressed?
It's not really to get heart disease, although it's certainly a factor, you know, stress causes heart disease, but that's the consistent.
It's drowning, not really, fire burns, not really, suffocation, not really,
But we know that when people are angered, when people are stressed, when people feel cooped up, they possibly could overdose pills and just get it over with.
They could go out there
with a gun, shoot other people, shoot themselves because they have anger or they can engage in reckless driving, which is when a lot of accidents spiked after lockdowns were released.
One of our producers told us a great story where a car accident that was very, very minor at 15, 20 miles an hour
got turned snowballed into this huge accident that was enormous.
We won't go into that but this is the graph that I had covered and I just think that lockdowns had a great amount of stress on the general population.
But what is troubling is that how all of our college campuses just suddenly shut down everything that would help alleviate some of these factors.
Instead, they shut down our campuses.
They shut down our social supports.
Mental health support was online, telehealth.
And yet, this was done for something that is the lowest cause of death in people our age.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I think it's really impactful when you look at the big picture and you see that especially colleges and their attempt to make our society a safer place from, of course, they're trying to keep us safe from one of the lowest risk of death, but in their attempt to make it safer, they made it much worse, much more dangerous.
And we still, especially college campuses, they're really the main places that are still dealing with a lot of this.
I know even my campus is still, they have as much stuff online as possible still.
And I see the schools taking full advantage of that because it's a lot cheaper to have the counseling offices virtual instead of having lights and air conditioning and having a physical location.
And so it's really sad that just at every turn, they made mistakes.
They did almost the opposite of what they should have done, and they still won't take responsibility for it.
They still won't do the right thing in a lot of cases.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, totally.
You know, I really wish that one thing that I really wish that our colleges had done was to allocate more resources to providing, you know, financially friendly mental health support.
I think that all throughout was, you know, a big, you know, place of suffering for many, many people.
I wish that they had allocated more resources toward there, toward something that statistically, you know, people were having pain.
in issues with and we're having a hard time.
We have more graphs to show, you know, the impact of mental health from 2020.
We won't, we aren't able to get into that tonight, but it's very easily found on the web if you just search, you know,
mental health statistics, mental illness statistics, you can see how great of an epidemic this has been for us Americans.
But instead of allocating resources to something that has been statistically proven to be detrimental to health, our colleges spent
hundreds and thousands and millions of dollars into something that is 99.97% recoverable for our population.
And on top of that, they mandated a risky treatment.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, if more statistics like the ones we just talked about with the death rates versus like lightning strike and drowning and firearms and all of that, if those statistics were available at the beginning of this pandemic or they actually acknowledged like, oh, this Yuva, higher chance of risk from the vaccine versus COVID itself, we wouldn't need those mental health resources.
It's really like if they made those numbers available or easier to find or they even just like happened to mention them, so much stuff could have been avoided that's detrimental to kids mental health and like just so many businesses were affected by it.
They should have
talked about the mortality rate.
But in fact, they made it seem like people were dropping dead on the street.
Do you guys remember that when the pandemic just started?
That's what they made it sound like.
And now it turns out it's like, no, that's not true at all.
That's really interesting.

[SPEAKER_10]
And then I think on top of that, Milo, what's the most interesting about that is now I think we're seeing people literally drop dead because of the vaccine.
And now they deny that.
First they were making it up and now it's not real because it's a complete opposite.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Just take a look.
I think we'll go into this on the next show.
Like the college athletes that are like, they got the vaccine because they had to and now quite a few.
There's a cup.
There's a couple like every month and they're just dropping dead.
You know, that's, it's quite interesting that compared to COVID.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
Well, I think we'll wrap it up there.
Anything there could have been anything.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I think overall there could have been a lot more transparency, a lot more harm that was avoided, a lot more risk that was reduced.
But this was due to lack of transparency from people and agencies that we trusted and it's unfortunate.
But now that we have data, we have graphs and there's plenty out there.
You know, go look for yourself and arm yourself with the truth.
But to end tonight, we also have a open casual open floor discussion that everyone can participate in or simply listen in.
So if you would please pull up the screen share for that one.
We are going to be on Clubhouse.
It is called COVID-19 special events.
If you scan the QR code that is on the screen, you'll be able to
hop right into the open floor discussion.
If you don't have the Clubhouse app on your phone, please download it.
And once you have joined the room, you'll have the opportunity to raise your hand and a mic to chat with us.
So everyone, thank you for watching VSRF Live College Edition tonight.
And hope to chat with you on Clubhouse.
So good night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_10]
Good night.
See everybody next week.

[SPEAKER_08]
See you next week.
