[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, everyone.
This is Mila Ratatich.
I'm the host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition.
And welcome to our bi-weekly Monday show.
Tonight, we will be talking with Vibi Lu, a University of Connecticut student who was canceled from her school along with $23,000 of merit scholarships, and Tice Pat, who will not be joining us tonight.
Tonight, we will be discussing the Consent Crisis and Missing Vaccine Ingredients.
Before we get started, VSRF is a 501C3 organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through the public education and an advocacy of scientific research, as well as to provide support to the vaccine injured.
We openly, we encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry in questions.
We are calling for truth and transparency in our colleges so our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedom to have education without coercion or mandates.
We support education for all.
Thank you for joining us live on Rumble.
And if you would like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments below or in the live chat box next to our video.
All right.
So we're going to start off with a video, I believe.
or possibly not.
Phoebe, is the video playing?

[SPEAKER_00]
Hi everyone.
The video wasn't able to download so we won't be showing it this week, but hopefully we'll be able to download the video next week.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.
So we're going to start off with a story in that case.
So George Watts was a student at Corning Community College in Corning, New York, which had mandated the COVID-19 vaccine for their fall 2021 semester.
So George waited for a vaccine he thought was safe and effective.
And just a few days after the FDA approved the Pfizer
the Pfizer vaccine and deemed it was safe and effective, George went and got his first COVID-19 vaccine.
So here's the kicker.
The Department of Defense never planned for it to be released, the vaccine at the time.
So instead, the DoD misrepresented the term safe and effective on the legally distinct EUA Pfizer BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine.
So both of these were manufactured under Pfizer, but one was fully licensed and approved, and the other was merely
authorized under the EUA.
This misled George to take on an experimental product instead of an FDA licensed product, not once, but twice.
So even more wrong, the DOD was aware of thousands of serious adverse effects that already happened.
So two months and 10 days after second dose, George began coughing up blood and became unresponsive.
which he was transported to the ER and found to be in cardiac arrest and subsequently died.
He had no previous medical history that could explain the sudden death and his post-mortem test was negative for COVID-19.
On his autopsy, pathologist Robert Stoppatcher, he was an MD, determined
based on consideration of the autopsy examination findings, review of available records in a toxic analogic analysis, the death of Mr. Watts to a reasonable degree of medical certainty is a subscribe to the COVID-19 vaccine related myocarditis.
So George who is willing to wait for the
the licensed vaccine instead of the EUA if George was willing to wait for the licensed vaccine instead of the EUA vaccine fell wouldn't have felt for this bait and switch fraud and paid with his life.
His family is now suing the DoD to seek compensation for the loss of his life.
So
First, the bait and switch fraud, then lack of informed consent.
What more could go wrong?
Unfortunately, numerous problems that are associated with COVID-19 vaccines.
And another is the fact sheet and ingredients of the Pfizer vaccine that are missing from the FDA's website.
So yesterday, Phoebe and I were researching the ingredients for the vaccine because I wanted to do the show on the list of them.
But we got stumped when we discovered we actually could not find that or the original source of it.
So believe we have it pulled up.
So there it is.
So what we found was we went to the CDC website and also Pfizer directly.
And it said, click here for the full list of ingredients.
And we did.
And this is the page that came up.
So at first, both of us I wrote, it's temporarily down to make updates, like the first bullet suggests.
But looking at a way back machine, this product, this page has been down for nearly a month.
which is very concerning to see on a trusted government website for a widely used medical product.
So maybe it was moved to a different page as the second bullet suggests, but when we tried to search for the ingredients, the most relevant link was not only result in
number 15.
So not very relevant according to the algorithm actually, but the link led to the same page and could not be found.
So we just, it was not there.
And this is really strange.
So Phoebe did a cross comparison to look for Moderna's ingredient list.
And lo and behold comes right up.
So now it's getting alarming.
These results are
obviously not the official list.
And we're still not finding any lists at all.
So why can't we find the Pfizer fact sheet directly on the FDA's website?
And what is in it that would cause FDA to have such an extensive downtime for an important medical product?
I was primarily invested in the vaccine ingredients, but had to resort to other sources to find it.
And in the process, one particular exhibit was
polyethylene glycol.
It's called PEG and not stood out, so Phoebe's going to talk about that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Apologies that the screen and the images are not loading properly.
We've been having technical issues.
But one of the ingredients that I was looking at in particular was polyethylene glycol or PEG.
And this is a commonly used ingredient in a lot of products, including a food additive.
But there has been risk associated with it, namely anaphylactic risk.
And the reason why I was interested in this is because, well, not everyone reacts to an allergen, such as not everyone has a peanut allergy or not everyone is allergic to seafood.
Some people are.
And what happened was one of my friends, Cody Hudson, he is vaccine injured and had been hospitalized for pulmonary embolism and numerous plot cuts in lab tests.
These lab tests discovered that he had developed anti-PEG antibodies.
So after reading George Watts' story and reading the court documents that were attached to it, the review from what the DOD had said, and then his family, this reminded me strikingly of a similar case, which was my friend.
So with Cody,
His COVID nuclear pathway test proved that he had no natural COVID exposure and he was running five miles a day prior to hospitalization in October 2021.
Not only was the timing really striking because George was unfortunately hospitalized and passed away October 2021, but he also had no, you know, his COVID test was negative, his post-mortem COVID test was negative.
And here's my friend Cody, also in the hospital the same month, suffering from pulmonary embolism and blood clots.
And his lab panel also showed that he had no natural COVID exposure.
So this didn't happen from COVID.
And they were doing, I know Cody's family and Mrs. Hudson, they were doing process of elimination.
And then finally came to the conclusion that, oh, perhaps it was caused by the COVID vaccine.
At first they weren't believed and they struggled for a really, really long time and painstaking, painstaking long, both Cody dealing with the physical effects and I don't know
Mrs. Hudson, I can only imagine what it'd be like to see, you know, to be a mother with her son, you know, seeing her strong struggle, such so severely.
But they finally found Dr. Balbona, who was open-minded, willing to listen and willing to help despite his, you know, vaccination status, despite his injuries or where it had come from.
And he did a anti-cardiolipin panel, what had showed that Cody developed anti-phospholipid syndrome and anti-PEG antibodies.
So phospholipids and PEG polyethylene glycol are components of the lipid show in the Pfizer mRNA vaccine.
So they correlated this, his injuries with the mRNA vaccine.
and furthermore he writes in his story that there were no warnings about the possibility of lipid allergies for the people who received the vaccine at that time and they lacked informed consent.
So it's just drawing this conclusion between Georgia story and Cody's story.
Luckily Cody was able to find help and find successful treatment in the way that he was brought out of an acute injury that is life-threatening for other people who may have been misled by the DOD and the FDA claiming that
The Pfizer-BioNTech was safe and effective, a term that they legally cannot use because legally never approved for that manner.
There are two different Pfizer products for the COVID-19 vaccine.
One is commonality and then the other is Pfizer-BioNTech.
Commonality was approved but was never released to the public and never planned to release the public.
But they took that same label safe and effective and they applied it as a general term, which is unspecific.
And they applied it to the Pfizer BioNTech, which is why a lot of us will see, you know, when we view, go online and look for COVID vaccine and which one should I take, any information on it, we get told that it's safe and effective.
But in reality, it's only safe and effective for the approved licensed community, Pfizer.
vaccine.
The BioNTech one on the other hand is only under emergency use authorization, which say that it may help.
That is the legal writing that it may resolve COVID-19.
So
Obviously, you know, people have been misled and some of them, you know, they may not know that they have a PEG allergy, an allergy to PEG, and they mistakenly take the COVID vaccine and develop an endophilactic reaction
or even a long-term reaction, which I will get into later, but is not accurately measured or reported by the CDC in the terms of guidelines that they give to vaccine providers.
But returning back to, go ahead, sorry.

[SPEAKER_01]
No, that's just like that should not happen at all.
The switching of the terms are mislabeling them and misrepresenting them.
These things especially with medical procedures and practices and anything like that that's going inside your body should not happen.
Yeah, it should not be covered up either.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.
Yes, exactly.
Which is why I think George Watts' family for pursuing legal action against the DOT is such an honorable and courageous act.
However, the situation turns out, the fact that they have stepped out and they are willing to take this step and put in the effort.
to put forth legal action and create the awareness that, hey, you guys mislabeled and you misled not just one of our family members, but
Americans and possibly many individuals across the globe into believing a term, a specific term for a emergency use experimental product.
This is not okay.
It should be known.
And, you know, in my opinion, it would have been better for to be straightforward and straight front to let people know, hey, this is EUA experimental, you know,
If you're willing to take it, read the consent, read what you're getting into, understand and have the knowledge of what you're about to step into and what you're going to put into your body.
But instead, they umbrella termed it and it's resulted in devastation for many families and some of my friends too.
But back to PEG.
Back in 2018, actually, so this is prior COVID ever existed in most of our, you know, our knowledge banks.
Back in 2018, immediate hypersensitivity to polyethylene glycols and polysorbates, which is a derivative of polyethylene glycols, researchers stated that they are more common than we have recognized.
In 2021, this New England Journal of Medicine article discussing the safety of COVID vaccines had already flagged PEG as a hidden danger to produce immediate hypersensitive reactions, including anaphylaxis.
And these researchers stated that, to date, no other vaccine has PEG as an recipient that has been in widespread use.
So vaccines prior to COVID-19 didn't have a PEG as incipient in such a widespread manner.
And the fact that the rate of anaphylaxis that's associated with this COVID vaccine is 10 times as high as compared to all previous vaccines.
So not only is there, you know, more widespread use of PEG as an incipient in the COVID-19 vaccine, but the rate of anaphylaxis is almost 10 times as high as in instance reported previously.
So I thought, wow, this is really alarming.
And as I was doing the research, which actually all started with trying to look for the ingredients, I was on the CDC website because go to the main source, right?
So I was looking on the CDC website, looking at the adverse events reported.
And actually today, as of today, June 5th, 2023, the CDC states that anaphylaxis can happen but is rare.
and they state that the rate that this happens is five cases per one million doses.
And I was reading this and I was like wait.
But I just read that the rate of anaphylaxis is 10 times higher than all previous vaccines.
This doesn't quite make sense.
So I went back to that review article and in this section it says that
You know, what the CDC says, five cases per one million doses, it actually contradicts what the review article had stated, which is that they had discovered that anaphylaxis is being reported at a rate of one in 1,000.
So on one hand, you have CDC stating that there's five cases per million.
On the other hand, a review report which does include case studies and examples of people who have received anaphylactic reactions after the vaccine, the review report states that it's approximately one in 1,000.
So I was like, who do you trust?
Right?
And even going on in the NEJM, previously, after they state the 1 in 1,000 rate that they've been seeing is that previously vaccines were seeing rates of anaphylactic reactions in 1 in 1 million.
And this was stable.
So clearly something is different between the vaccine that we're getting now for COVID-19 versus the vaccines that were previously released.
And
This all started as a very simple search for the COVID vaccine ingredients.
And I did not expect to be digging into this this much.
I did not expect the FDA to not release or have the ingredient list of the Pfizer-BioNTech taken down from the website, not just a day, several days or a week, but it's been a month.
It's been a month that for anyone who wants to take the Pfizer vaccine is interested in looking at the ingredients.
If they're to go to the main source, it's not there.
So not only did I find that out and that started me down this rabbit hole of looking at the ingredients and wondering what is so important in this fact sheet that it would cause them to take it down from their website for a whole month.
And mind you, that was the most relevant search result and it led to a blank page.
But it was so strange for me because I discovered that not only is valuable direct source information unavailable to the public, but up to date scientific results and risk, they're not readily available for public knowledge anymore.
and it shocked me because I think about how many more young Americans will be misled as George Watts was and how many more will unnecessarily suffer as my friend Cody has and Mila I'm sure you can relate too.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes I can but like
Yeah, that's just that's very difficult.
And for me personally, hearing about other citizens getting hurt like severely from these vaccines is just heartbreaking.
And I I do understand on some level, like my I was having tremors as you were talking and my my tics are acting up today.
I'm
People should not have to, this kind of leads us to just what basic rights we have and how they were absolutely violated.
And also the misrepresenting of the terms and not getting informed consent.
Such important things that should be talked about, but just never are.
And that's why we have the show.
So.
Shout out to those families who are and those who are vaccine injured and just keep up hope.
All right.
So this leads us to our next topic.
So what you would consider common knowledge or ethical practice is not always followed through with.
That is very clear.
And it's crucial to know all of the possibilities and receive informed consent before undergoing any medical practice due to various reasons.
And that revolves around riots, safety, overall well-being.
This should be common knowledge.
So having the requirement to receive informed consent ensures that the patients are aware of the potential risks and benefits associated with a specific medical practice.
So every
medical intervention carries certain inherent risks.
That cannot be said loud enough.
So it doesn't matter if it's a vaccine.
It doesn't matter if it's a simple dose of ibuprofen for a fever or a procedure in surgery.
Every single medical intervention carries inherent risks.
Being informed of these risks allow patients to make informed decisions and consider their own risk-tolerant and personal circumstances.
That is so very important because each person is unique, not only medically, but also their situation, their faith, what they believe in, what they don't.
And those factors should be taken in and taken seriously.
I know that some religions don't encourage or allow piercing of the body, and some interpret vaccines as being part of that.
And are we going to make someone betray their faith or religion for a medical practice that is non-essential?
Keyword, non-essential.
And also, this did happen during the time of the vaccine mandates.
They were not allowing medical exemptions.
So that's a whole other topic.
Inform Consent also provides an opportunity for healthcare professionals to discuss alternative treatment options if available.
So medicine is a dynamic field with constantly evolving knowledge.
And there can be multiple approaches to managing a particular condition.
So there's holistic medicine, Western, even spiritual.
And we might not all hold the same beliefs towards each, but it's up to each person to have the right to choose.
I know I and my family personally dabbled in holistic medicine when I was not allowed treatment.
They would not treat me under any circumstances.
And I know a lot of other citizens who are
chronically ill acutely just anyone will when you have exhausted other options you're kind of left with some that the point is there are other options and the vaccine should not have been said is the oh that's though the one thing that can cure us all
There could have been so many other things that could have been developed.
What do you think of that for me?

[SPEAKER_00]
And there were.
Where are there?
There were.
Ivermectin was a very safe drug.
It's been widely used and has, I believe, thousands.
That may be wrong.
But if not thousands and hundreds of studies done on it, proving it's safety,
throughout the years because it has been, it's not a new treatment, such as the COVID vaccine.
So there's been many more opportunities to research ivermectin.
And it was actually one that was able to prevent COVID-19.
And if you give me a couple of minutes, I will be able to find the image where it's now on, I think the NIH.
that states that it is a proven treatment for COVID-19.
But back when, you know, just go back a year or two before we were told, you know, not to take Avramectin, not to take any other sort of treatment that was not approved for COVID-19.
And what happened was that, you know, this is just one, ivermectin is just one of the treatments that were available that could be used off-label for treating COVID, treating COVID symptoms, preventing COVID.
But because there was only one message, which was the COVID vaccine,
First of all, not many people knew that ivermectin was available and was a possibility, an option for treatment.
And two, it was heavily slammed against and it was heavily blocked.
Just so that the one message, one treatment could be strong and be forefront.
And this again goes back to what you were saying, Mila, that not everyone is the same.
All of our bodies are different or unique.
You know, just like some of us, you know, may be fine to PEG.
Some other people might not, right?
Some of us are fine to peanut allergies.
Some others might have an anaphylactic reaction to peanut, peanut allergies, right?
So this modality in this thinking of one treatment
One cure is actually very very dangerous because what if this treatment doesn't work for you as we have seen with many patients?

[SPEAKER_01]
So I'm actually on ivermectin and I have been before I was medically prescribed it.
That was one of the things that we did research on and actually did end up helping me.
So that's actually very interesting.
You mentioned that.
So this leads us to the point.
How can you receive informed consent on a medical procedure, which in this case I'm talking about the COVID-19 vaccine?
If you're not allowed to access the list of ingredients within it and know all of the potential side effects or personally weigh the risk benefit scenarios, it is our own right to have those.
It's crucial for patients to be aware of alternative treatments and their effectiveness and potential outcomes.
And this knowledge allows patients to explore different avenues as well and choose the best course of action that suits their individual needs.
So it's not only, all of our bodies are different.
It's also, I know religion is such a big thing in my life, but in many others.
Some couldn't get it because of that.
What did they do?
I'm actually quite curious if we're going to hear any stories about that coming out.
So informed consent, continuing on that topic, is not only an ethical imperative, but also a legal requirement in many jurisdictions.
So health care providers have a legal and professional duty to obtain informed consent for patients before initiating any medical practice.
Non-compliance with this requirement can lead to legal repercussions and potential liability for healthcare providers.
But somehow that was ignored or snuck past some.
What do you think of that, Phoebe?
Do you think they just ignored it or they didn't notice?
Because apparently they just didn't notice.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I think a lot of things, if they were not noticed, they were not trying to notice or they pretended not to notice.
I think that was the, that was a common thought in the past few years.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so as citizens of the United States, you have rights, and you have laws, and you have doctrines, et cetera.
They protect you for a reason.
If a medical provider does not receive informed consent from a person, those basic rights are violated.
So some of the most basic ones, I made a list of them, is you have the constitutional right to privacy.
So the Constitution does not
It's in the Constitution and you have a right to medical decision making.
And without informed consent, the right to privacy would be violated as individuals would be subjected to medical interventions without their knowledge or consent.
And secondly is the common law doctrine of informed consent.
So that's in the name.
It requires health care providers to disclose relevant information to their patients, including risks, benefits, alternatives.
Alternatives is big.
I don't think I ever got a...
Hey, here's an alternative if you don't want to receive the vaccine and potential outcomes of the medical interventions.
Also, when it comes to vaccines, I know I wasn't and I know every person I've talked to about the vaccine agrees with this, that we were not given a full
comprehensive list of the potential risks associated with it.
I know in class, because I'm in medical school now, we were given, we're learning about vaccines, and we were given the papers describing like, oh, here's what you do when you prescribe it to someone when you're going to administer it.
And it says on the papers I'm given, we do not usually explain all the risks because we do not want to scare away patients from receiving vaccines.
So that
does make sense to the point where you don't want to scare away people if that will help them, but it should be talked about.
It's actually not legal to not disclose all of the risks.
That one was new to me.
Yeah, it is.
We have the Patient Bill of Rights.
Although it's not a federal law in many states, the US, they have enacted this Bill of Rights.
And it outlines the rights and responsibilities of patients.
So this emphasizes the right to inform consent.
violating that would be a breach of the state specific patient rights.
We have the state statutes.
We have the federal policy of protection of human subjects.
This is known as the common rule.
We have the Patient Self-Determination Act.
There's so many more.
If you can just, you can go wider, you can go more specific.
The point is, you do have rights, but all of them were, I wouldn't say,
all of them but a lot of them were breached or or they these are meant to protect you from not receiving informed consent and being coerced or forced or making decisions not in your best well-being or that are unethical but I don't know that's it's pretty crazy that we have these but none of them were ever mentioned when the whole vaccine mandate came up.
So
Like we have informed consent because as citizens of the United States we have, we want to have respect for individuals and their values and beliefs and personal circumstances and we want to protect our rights and there's also, there's shared decision making because you know, kids can't make decisions on their own but that's, weren't they,
There were stories of schools or pop-up vaccine clinics that were at schools and they were giving kids vaccines in exchange for their ribing them.
Do you remember that, Phoebe?
We talked about that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, it was in one of our earlier episodes together.
I believe it was actually you who found the article and knew about this event.
But it was a California school.
I don't remember if it was elementary or middle school, but either way, the kids are young and
They are very easily led to believe.
So what happened was that one of these students, a little boy, had taken the COVID vaccine because his school promised to give him some pizza.
and later on his mom was interviewed by a news journalist on her viewpoint of the situation and what had happened and I remember watching that video and I was very
I was shocked because I could see the pain and the hurt in his mom's voice, the fact that she didn't know that they were doing this at their school, the fact that her son went to take this vaccine first of all without telling her, but second of all not understanding what it means to put something in your body that
First of all, it's brand new.
It is experimental.
We don't have the long-term safety data of it, and we don't know if we're ever able to detox our bodies from this substance.
So it was a permanent decision made without
from a young person who didn't have a fully developed cognitive mind, but because he was offered pizza, something that he knew, right, and liked, I like pizza, he willingly
But naively made this decision to his body.
And I just remember watching that news interview and I was very very shocked and I felt very sad for the mom.
And yeah, so this is just, you know, one of the cases that happened in grade school with coercion and bribery.
And another one in colleges, as we all know, is the mandate.
Take, you know, take the vaccine or lose your education.
Take the vaccine or you can't come to class.
Take the vaccine or you can't
live on the dorms, fill it in the blank, right?
And unfortunately, I know, you know, just in George Watts sense that he, he wanted to wait.
He wanted to wait for something that was safe and approved, and it was licensed.
And yet he got duped.
So from this alone, you know, that's a major red flag.
But the other thing is you can compare the difference between George Watts, who was, believe, 24 or 26, 24 versus a grade schooler, right?
The cognitive differences are apparent.
And yet we are still being manipulated, but just in different ways.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, take the vaccine to go to school.
That's what I did.
They were going to kick me out of school, took it, and then I couldn't go to school at all.
It gave me brain damage.
It impaired my cognitive ability.
There were points where I actually lost my ability to talk.
And then along with the paralysis, several other things.
And the seizures, just you take it for one thing, and then you get things that are worse.
That's not a great trade-off.
Just saying.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, one question.
If you knew about the trade-offs, would you have taken the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
No.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's why we need to know about the trade-offs.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.
I'm not just speaking for myself too.
I know several others that were severely affected from the vaccine, similar to me.
And if
If they had a choice, if they knew about the side effects, if they truly received informed consent, they would not have taken it.
Because receiving all of these, all of these side effects, all these health conditions, I didn't think I was going to make it for a while.
The people around me didn't think I was going to make it.
That I wouldn't have done it.
Nobody wants that.
We want ethical considerations.
legal protection, and transparency and trust, which is something they're always talking about, but never providing for us, never being honest about it.
That is some of the most widely used terms and phrases I have ever heard in politics.
We want transparency and trust.
Okay, where is it?
That's ridiculous.
Maybe if the people in power, at the very least, provided informed consent to some of the citizens, they would have felt better, we would have felt better about receiving the vaccine and trusting the system.
Isn't that what some of them want us to do?
You know, completely trust the system without thinking?
Well, maybe if they provided transparency and trust a little bit more, we'd feel better about doing that.
Even though
We'd still be more subjected to manipulation and coercion.
We would have at least received from consent.
It's vital to respect patient anatomy, protect patient's rights, and promote shared decision making, uphold ethical principles, and provide legal protection.
This will foster trust in the healthcare system, which I think is something that we have lost a lot.
It empowers patients to participate in their own healthcare decisions, which is crucial for their well-being and overall satisfaction, the medical treatment.
In the end, it is up to us.
It is affecting us directly.

[SPEAKER_00]
On trust in the medical system, this is something that I've been thinking about in the past couple of months.
You know, it's slowly deteriorated over the decades.
You know, we brought up a couple of cases on the show between the
the swine flu vaccine and the anthrax vaccine and then now the COVID-19 vaccine.
Now this leads me to think and I see this happening a lot within my network is that people who've come to realize that
The healthcare system is not being honest and is not treating the patients first before responding to an outside source or a board of directors or a regulation agency.
More and more people are starting to realize it.
And this is something that I like to think, you know, further down the line, if we lose our trust in the health care system, what if someday, you know, we are hurt in some form or manner, then who do we go to, right?
Because we're not feeling like we have confidence in the health care system.
Who are we to go to?
you know, there will be people who seek alternative treatments, alternative options.
And I think that is absolutely, you know, something that people should look into.

[SPEAKER_01]
Um, yeah, maybe people, but the health care system, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that the health care system still serves a purpose.
Um, in like the genuine purpose, not, not manipulating people and not
you know, being, you know, pushing drugs and making money.
But there are many healthcare workers who are genuine at heart, genuinely want to help people and serve their patients and, you know, bring up their health.
But if we as individuals have lost the trust and the confidence in that system as a whole,
First of all, it's not fair to those workers who are there because they genuinely want to help people and are for the benefit of their patients, but it also can hurt the individual themselves because what if it's actually a severe injury or a severe infection or, you know, severe illness?
And because of their lack of trust or their loss of trust, I should say that they hesitate to seek treatment.
And it's too late.
Then what happens, right?
So, you know, I think about how to, how to repair trust in healthcare systems, how to have better patient and provider communication.
And I think about, you know, what the future will be like.
in terms of like, you know, five, ten years down the lane as we see more events unfold.
I don't have all the answers, but I do like to consider those and look at and observe what is happening around us and how people are reacting in interpersonal relationships.

[SPEAKER_01]
Very well said Phoebe.
So we are going to leave the show as that.
Just some really good thoughts.
So any last questions or thoughts before we close up Phoebe?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I do want to share one thing again about the lack of consent on college campuses.
In particular, I'll share my own experience, which was going on to the Yukon campus to table and to simply ask students their vaccine experience and what they saw.
because I'm almost an outsider to that perspective.
I'm not vaccinated and I have my own reasons for that and for the protection of my body, but I wanted to understand my classmates and my friends and the other fellow students who did go ahead and get the vaccine.
What was their experience like in
what happened with them.
So one of the questions that we asked was, did you receive the information pamphlet that came with your vaccine?
And astoundingly, numbers of them said no, there was no paper pamphlet in the vaccine box.
So they went into this, taking the vaccine, without knowledge, right?
Without the knowledge of what are the ingredients, what risks are there, what should I do if I'm harmed.
They didn't have that information.
They didn't have that knowledge.
And they went into this take to take this vaccine.
So it was quite astounding for me to hear that because just the nature of the treatment itself and the
a novelty of it made me want to learn more about it.
But many students, they went in for any sort of reason, whether they wanted to take it themselves or they wanted to take it so that they would not be removed from school.
For any unnumber of their personal reasons, many of them didn't get that paper pamphlet that came with it.
And it was very shocking because they weren't even given the chance to have informed consent.
And this is why it's so important to know and to have consent and to fully understand what you're getting yourself into.
And why it's important that these, you know,
the Constitution and these rights are given to us is so that we understand for our own selves what we're being involved into and we can take responsibility for that.
But instead they removed it from us and they nullified it and they took away that chance of knowledge and understanding from us and
not only did they do that but they placed ulterior motives to it such as you know bribery in many cases or misleading and manipulation saying that one drug is what it is what it is not and from this you know many of this has been have been left in you know confusion or
and states that had we had that knowledge we would have known for ourselves and like you said Mila been confident in our decision or at least understand that yes there are risks to these but yes I'm willing to accept those risks because I think that the benefit outweighs the risk.
Right?
So that's importance of informed consent and the importance of having unique rights and your own determination and decision.
It was taken away from us for many reasons and as we know they had more knowledge than we do.
So it was very unfair but
with the coming of knowledge and more lawsuit stepping going on in the past year, more information that is being released constantly, we still have a chance to not give up and to still keep on learning and make sure that we're safe from now on.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, that's right.
So the one ingredient we mentioned earlier was not the only one that was just disclosed to have side effects or not included on the list.
There's also one I know about called graphene oxide that I think we should look into at some point.
Or you guys look it up.
There's some information on that as well.
So there are several others.
Just disclosing that.
So thank you so much for joining us tonight.
If you found the episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up, leave a comment, and share it with your friends or family.
Thank you for watching the VSRF live college edition, and hope to see you again in two weeks.
Good night, everyone.

[SPEAKER_00]
Good night.
