[SPEAKER_00]
I'm...

[SPEAKER_05]
Welcome to the Weekly Update.
I'm Louisa Clary, the Executive Director of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
We're so glad you're here and tonight, Lisa Leahy, our Director of Research, joins me to give you a few brief news stories from the week before we go into our replay tonight.

[SPEAKER_04]
Lisa.
Hi, Luisa.
It is so fun to see you here.
We have not been together.
I don't think for any show.
So it's great to be with you.
Thanks.
Great sharing the screen.
We work together every day.
So this is just a new setting.
So first off, we want to talk about Bill Gates and a Pfizer story.
So there were a few developments for Pfizer last week.
And one was the damning Project Veritas video, of course.
And the other was Bill Gates coming out again to say how useless the Pfizer mRNA shots are.
And this is a truth that he apparently has reserved until after he divested himself of hundreds of millions of dollars in Pfizer BioNTech stock.
So yeah, last week he was in Australia at the Lowry Institute and this is what Gates said, quote, we need to fix the three problems of COVID-19 vaccines.
The current vaccines are not infection blocking.
They're not broad.
So when variants come out, new variants come out, you lose protection and they have very short duration.
On Tuesday, investigative journalist Jordan Schachtel, he exposed that the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation made 15 times its initial investment when the foundation sold its stock at the height of their value in 2021.
So an impeccably timed dump of Gates shares, he had bought over a million shares in BioNTech in September of 2019.
He bought them for $18 a share.
So just two years later, in the third quarter of 2021,
The Gates Foundation sold those same shares for $300 a share.
So he made $2.75 million on the shares, almost $300 million in the shares.
Now that Gates has sold his own stock, as I said, he's admitting that the jabs don't stop infection, don't block transmission, don't block mutants, don't last, don't work at all.
And as RFK tweeted out this week, he said, that was basically a big quote, think suckers quote from Mr. Gates.
Yes.
On to you to talk about the next story, Luisa.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thanks, Lisa.
As we see CNN reported this week, as many did, the Biden administration announced that on May 11, it will end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies, which will end government sponsor testing, vaccination, and treatment.
As the article states, quote, when the Biden administration ends the emergency existing emergency use authorizations for COVID-19 vaccines,
tests or treatments will not be affected and the agency may continue to issue emergency use authorizations."
Is Dr. Malone and Dr. Kat Linley both chimed in on the next tweet?
They both said, why wait?
We agree.
So why not now?
And we definitely agree with that.
We should be stopping this now and stop these emergency use authorizations as well, which is really unfortunate.
It doesn't end to that.

[SPEAKER_04]
So Lisa, next.
Yeah, absolutely.
So people might have seen Sunday night, Rhett Seth Levy, PhD, with the MIT, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He posted a video on Twitter calling for an end to COVID-19 mRNA vaccination.
Levy said that the vaccines failed to deliver the promised efficacy.
something that seems to be easier to talk about than the other side of the coin, which is safety.
But Levy went on to say that based on the risk analysis, the vaccines, quote, cause unprecedented levels of harm, including the death of young people and children, end quote.
So that's kind of a big deal.
The pool of doctors, the world of doctors,
who are speaking out against these shots is expanding.
We are so glad we've got our core doctors who have been speaking out against the vaccines for over a year, some two years.
So welcome Dr. Levy and others to this party.
Just to really quick mention, people should read this article that came out in Newsweek this week.
It was Monday.
This is a medical student, Kevin Bass,
who basically comes out and he says, I believed everything like you did.
I believed everything we were told by the FDA, the CDC, the who.
I believed we had to lock down close schools, mask up, get vaccinated.
He said, I was wrong.
We were wrong.
There was never any science behind it.
We were basically lied to.
and hundreds of thousands of people died as a result.
So check out the article because, you know, a year ago, six months ago, this article could not have been published in Newsweek.
The tide is changing.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what's up next, Luisa?
Yes, the lawsuit brought against Dr. Peter McCullough by his former employer, Baylorist.
Wow, it's been a long time coming.
This $1 million lawsuit brought almost two years ago accused McCullough of causing, quote, reputational harm and, quote, stating that McCullough violated his separation agreement because he mentioned Baylor as an affiliate in several media interviews and published in journals, even though they had parted ways.
The Dallas County Texas District Court dismissed all claims against Makola with prejudice, meaning this plaintiff cannot raise these claims against him again.
In response, Dr. Makola issued the following statement, quote, this is a strong victory for freedom of speech and fair balanced publication and media presentation of clinical data as it has emerged over the course of the pandemic crisis.
My analyses and conclusions have been accurate, consistent, and have always been my own.
not those of any institution, end quote.
This is just an extremely important legal victory.
Dr. McCullough, if you are watching, we are cheering for you for the rights of doctors to freedom of speech, duty to speak the truth and protect patients everywhere.
So a great day.
for ethical and caring doctors and patients around the world.
We are thrilled.
And Lisa?

[SPEAKER_04]
Absolutely, absolutely thrilled.
So on Tuesday, Dr. Meryl Nass had her third hearing before the main board of licensure.
in medicine.
The board, as we know, had suspended Dr. Nass' medical license without notice whatsoever in January of 2022 over her treatment of patients with COVID-19.
The board has mostly been focused on the first two hearings on Nass' alleged, quote, sloppy record keeping for her three patients that she treated and on her prescribing of ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine for those patients.
They also had initially accused NASA of unprofessional and, quote, disruptive behavior and for spreading, quote, misinformation in addition to prescribing hydroxy and ivermectin, which they called a deworming medication instead of using the word ivermectin.
But just prior to the first hearing last October, the board withdrew the misinformation claims, and so they're focusing on
the Ivermectin and the parting from the standard of care.
However, yesterday, no, it was Tuesday now, under cross examination, the board's first witness, Dr. Thomas Courtney of the Maine Medical Center, was forced to walk back many of his claims.
Dr. Nass is doing fantastic in these hearings, and she's really just crushing these claims against her.
She compared the board's accusations against her to, quote, simply throwing lots of spaghetti on the wall to try and overwhelm me with charges so I would wilt and surrender my license.
But that she will not do, as we know.
This fight goes to the end.
Two more hearings ahead of her.
The next one is set for March.
We're rooting for you, Dr. Nass.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_05]
And this past week, Steve posted, could Fauci's replacement be even worse?
As you, if you were with us last week, you saw part one of Dan Cohen's two-part investigation of who is Peter Hotez.
Steve highlighted both parts and their elites to both of the videos on our Rumble pages.
Dan Cohen also collaborated not only with the SRF, but with Redacted, and he was featured on
redacted as a YouTube channel and show they have over a million subscribers there.
So it got a lot of airtime with Clayton Morris.
We are thrilled to be a collaborator in that investigation.
In this piece, you'll see interviews with Dr. Richard Urso, Dr. Robert Malone and Dr. Pierre Corey.
We will toss the link in the chat to his sub-stack.
So we hope that you will check it out.
And last but not least, before we go to a few announcements, Project Veritas has just dropped right before we went to record this.
They brought us another chapter in their interview with Dr. Jordan Walker that was not previously released.
As you may know, Dr. Walker is Director of Worldwide Research and Development Strategic Operations at Pfizer.
He discusses internal concerns within Pfizer regarding women's menstrual cycle, as well as elaborating
on virus mutation and future uses of mRNA technology.
He also hopes we don't figure out that this mRNA lingers in the body, which I know many of us know, but
It is really coming out.
And he said his exact words in this video were, quote, the next generation is, quote, super effed up, end quote.
He plans on taking Pfizer off his resume.
This all came in from a team member, because we haven't even had a moment to even see the 10 minute drop.
So we'll put a link in the chat for you all to take a peek at it, and we'll be watching with you.
So thanks Lisa for joining me on this news segment tonight and a couple additional announcements for us.
This past week the Unity Project held a Twitter Spaces called the legal landscape of COVID and accountability featuring a few of our lead panelists attorneys for our upcoming COVID litigation conference in March.
Warner Mendenhall, Terce Lindsay, Bobbi Ann Cox, and Jeff Childers all participated.
And it was led by Unity Project CEO, Laura Sextro.
The replay is available.
We hope you will check it out.
Listen to some of the panelists that will be featured in March, and we will link that in the chat.
And speaking of our COVID litigation conference, be sure to reserve your tickets.
We are partnering with Mendenhall Law Firm to host the very first one CLC 2023 conference runs two days, March 25th and 26th.
That's a Saturday and Sunday.
and Atlanta, Georgia.
It's a conference put on for attorneys by attorneys to really help educate them on how to best litigate COVID cases.
There's nine panels addressing different topics, as you see at the bottom of the screen there.
So spread the word.
Also, Dr. Ryan Cole and Dr. Pierre Corey are also joining us as medical experts on hospital negligence, medical licensure, and vaccine-insured panels.
So just to note when you book your tickets, you will get a link to our group hotel block to book.
And we hope you will be booking soon.
The Friday night before our conference begins on March 24th.
So be sure to book your travel a day early if you're traveling in.
Our own Steve Kirsch is hosting a pub night in Midtown Atlanta at poor tap room.
This will be a fun casual evening and whether or not you are attending the conference, we would love to meet you.
Our whole team will be there.
I will be there and Lisa is coming.
and the rest of our VSRF team.
So you can buy a ticket just for the pub night if you don't happen to be attending the conference.
Or if you're planning on attending the conference, you can just add on the pub night ticket.
But if you are not attending the conference, we'd love to just attend the pub night.
You might be local to Atlanta or might fly in just for pub night to meet Steve and our team.
We will put a link in the chat for those individual tickets as well.
Next, our VSRF swag shop is open.
We've added some new items today and on the screen we see a few of them.
We have had for the last week, VSRF hoodies, tumblers, some pajama pants.
We also have a mandate hugs on some items, a cap, sweatshirt, and others.
And if you missed the Defeat the Mandates DC logo merch, we have brought it back
Today, we have a winter hat, hoodie, t-shirts.
There's a couple beanie caps that are not on there.
And Lisa has had one of these beanie caps.
And I have been jealous for the last year because I have not been able to get one.
So they are now available.
There's a couple that are not on the screen that were literally just created before this recording.
So we'll have more of the pictures on future webinars.
But there's a couple beanies.
I love this little winter hat they have up there.
And then there's a couple actual beanies without the little one-turn ball on top, too, without the pom-pom.
Thank you.
Yes.
So anyway, you can go check it out.
We're going to have some more dropping in the next couple of days, too.
So keep looking.
We also have that in the bottom right corner.
Truth is like a lion's shirt that came out for the Los Angeles Rally.
We're going to have some more merch with that on it.
So keep your eyes peeled.

[SPEAKER_04]
I got those pajama pants.
I just want to say they're really cute.
They're really cute.

[SPEAKER_05]
And I can't wait to come.
Awesome.
That's great.
Donations, just to remind you all, we are at VSRF, VSRF is a 501c3 nonprofit.
So we really appreciate your donations to continue the work we're doing and continue the videos and campaigns that we're bringing.
You can support us on a recurring monthly basis or a one time donation.
and check out the QR code on the screen or visit the link in the chat to donate and we really appreciate your support.
Thank you.
What we are doing now, you'll notice, we don't have a live show tonight, but we will be rotating every other week with our college show weeks.
So this coming week, we will not have a Monday night college show.
It's 7 PM Eastern.
But the following week we will.
So next week we'll be live here on Thursday, our VSRF live.
And then the following week we'll be live on Monday with the college edition.
And then we'll switch back to VSRF live on Thursday nights.
We will definitely keep up with you with notices and email.
Hopefully you got your notices today this morning and an hour before this show and we'll continue to do that.
And this will all give us time to really focus on our campaigns and advocacy and just bring more content
to bring more people to the truth.
On our off weeks, we'll be streaming only on Rumble and on our on weeks, of course, we'll be back both on Rumble Live and on Zoom.
And we hope to bring you on these quote, off weeks, some exclusive interviews that Steve conducts that won't have been released until our off week night.
So we look forward to bringing you those along with some popular replays like we're doing tonight.
And for next week, we have a powerhouse of a show, media censorship in the path to recovery from the COVID-19 injections.
Cheryl Akatsen, who many of you know is just a beast in our movement.
She's a journalist with over 30 years experience in mainstream media and has, of course, gone independent.
She will speak on what she saw firsthand and on censorship, working for CBS, regarding pharmaceutical products long before COVID.
and before she became an independent reporter.
She'll be joined by our friend, Angelia DeSell, who's been attacked recently by the media and standing strong in interviews on the high wire and others with her doctor, Dr. Pierre Corey.
And by popular request, what can you do to help yourself and those you love if you have taken the COVID-19 injection?
Dr. Ryan Cole will be with us to help us with the question of what someone can do proactively to help themselves
and others, the path to recovery.
So thank you for joining us tonight, Lisa.
It's been a pleasure.
I look forward to doing this again with you.
Yep, we'll do it again.
We hope you stay with us tonight.
If you missed our previous show featuring Pfizer whistleblower Brooke Jackson and her attorneys, Warner Mendenhall and Robert Barnes, we thought what a great time to bring this current rise to the forefront.
Warner is with Mendenhall Law Group, is co-sponsoring our COVID litigation conference.
And this is your chance to see two leading attorneys in this space and get your tickets to come to the conference.
They will be joining, both of them will be joining Brooke.
And she will be a panelist too.
So we're excited to see you there and have a great night.
We'll see you next week.
Thanks, Steve, for joining us tonight.
Good to see you.

[SPEAKER_01]
Good to be here, Louisa.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great.
And let's go ahead and introduce our first guest.
First guest is Pfizer Whistleblower Brooke Jackson.
Brooke has a 20-year career spent in the clinical research industry working at individual clinical trial sites, site management organizations, or SMOs.
and Contacts Research Organizations or CROs.
Her experience includes research in all phases of development for medical devices, pharmaceuticals, and biologics with key experience in gastroenterology, hepatology, immunology, and infectious diseases.
Brooke's range of expertise has developed from her roles in clinical trial coordination and management, clinical trial monitoring, clinical trial auditing, and director level responsibility for quality control and assurance.
regulatory compliance and data management.
It's with the strong background that Brooke was hired by Pfizer's clinical trial contractor, Bentavia, to manage one of Pfizer's COVID-19 clinical trials.
Let's watch this video.

[SPEAKER_03]
I was working on Pfizer's phase three POTL trial on their COVID-19 vaccine.
I stayed late in clinic one evening.
I was the only one in the clinic.
I saw a biohazard bag.
The plastic biohazard bag contained used needles and I realized how unorganized and sloppy Ventavia was was handling everything.
In that same room, the vaccine was just left out.
They had written the subject information on these containers.
It unblinded me to the randomization of these patients.
It was also discovered that Ventavia was unblinding participants.
Per Pfizer's protocol, we should have immediately stopped enrolling, but they never told Pfizer.
So that coupled with everything else, I made the recommendation for Bentavia to stop enrolling clinical trial participants in the study.
I can tell you everything that we talked about.
The unblinding, the safety of the clinical trial participants, not monitoring them for adverse reactions.
They were late to report adverse events.
Again, the untrained staff,
the oversight by the principal investigators, specifically at the Fort Worth location, the targeting of the employees for coming forward.
I thought that the FDA was going to swoop in and take care of everything.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you so much for being here.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you for having me.
Absolutely.
And I'm going to go this far.
You know, hindsight's always 20-20, but looking at that video and hearing myself say that,
It's shocking that I trusted so much.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think we all did.
I know I did.
Yeah.
And I'm going to go ahead and bring on both of the attorneys and introduce them and then Steve can proceed here.
Brooke's here today with her two lead attorneys representing her in her lawsuit against Pfizer.
Both Robert Barnes and Warner Mendenhall are joining us.
Robert Barnes is a famous civil rights attorney whose unique abilities to improvise with and advocate for others have led to a successful career as a litigator for the underdog.
Barnes has said that personal tragedy was a core part of his young empathetic training.
Quote, I knew what it meant to have difficult odds from a young age, he said.
quote, my father passed away when I was 12.
So we were living off of social security payments for widows and orphans.
I went to work in the summers by the time I was 12 and started working full time when I was 15, end quote.
Barnes eventually won a scholarship to attend Yale University where he made quite an aim for himself as a defender of the underdog and someone unafraid to challenge insiders and powerful positions.
When Yale announced intentions to exclude students in the admissions process,
based solely on their lack of income, Barnes published a scathing and widely read op-ed challenging Yale's position and then left the school.
Yale subsequently reversed its policies and has kept a, quote, need blind admissions policy to this day.
Barnes later earned a fellowship to attend the University of Wisconsin Law School where he graduated with honors and myriad awards for academic excellence.
Today, Barnes continues to stand up to establishment systems, to bullies, to big banks, to the IRS,
and to those who would take away our guaranteed freedoms of free speech and civil rights.
He continues to win for the underdogs and for those who've faced seemingly impossible odds.
Robert, we're excited to see you.
Thanks for coming.

[SPEAKER_00]
Absolutely.
Glad to be here.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
And next we have attorney Warner Mendenhall, who we had the pleasure of having on our show last week to discuss some of his other anti-mandate lawsuits.
Warner found his way to a law career after seeing the extent of corruption and abuse of power as a leader in city government in his hometown of Akron, Ohio in the 1990s.
After winning his first legal cases, exposing fraud and corruption, Warner knew that he had found his calling.
Since then, he's been building a mission oriented practice
to hold local and state governments as well as private corporations.
Accountable, Warner's activism is anchored by his passion for helping empower ordinary people to stand up to government abuses, corporate fraud, and bank malfeasance.
Warner, great to see you again.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, thank you for having me on again, Steve and Louisa.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
And Steve, I know you have many questions to ask.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.
Well, you know, it's hard to know where to start, but let's start with Brooke.
And Brooke, when you notified Ventavia of all of these issues, you would expect an honest contractor to say, oh, thank you.
We didn't know.
We're going to halt everything.
We're going to fix everything.
We want to do it right.
What was Ventavia's reaction when you told him about this?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, they started enrolling in this clinical trial in July of 2020.
I didn't start until September in 2020.
So they were aware of some of the problems that I've talked about, even before I got there.
When I started to come to them, and that was immediately from day one, they were
Very supportive of, you know, me coming in, they were excited to have my experience.
And that quickly changed because I feel like I was bringing so much to their attention and they were already aware of, again, some of the issues.
But, you know, it was just it was chaotic.
They were overwhelmed.
And eventually I was told to just start putting things on a list.
They were aware.
They were working to hire more staff.
We were moving locations and we had a bigger clinic to work in and to just put them on a list.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, so when did you go from putting it on a list to then sending an email to the FDA about what was going on?
Like what was the time frame over which that happened where you finally said, hey, I'm fed up.
I'm gonna rat.
basically tell my story to the FDA.
And what email address of the FDA did you email because we probably don't want to use that email address again since that got you fired?

[SPEAKER_03]
Was it PfizerFDA.gov?
I think, I'm kidding.
It was 18 days.
I was at Ventavia for a total of, you know, and that included weekends.
When I recognized and realized that they were unblinding the clinical trial participants, had no regard for the serious adverse events that had been reported.
They were not following up on them.
It was really the safety of the patients that made me on that 18th day call the FDA directly.
I did that on the 25th of September, about nine o'clock in the morning.

[SPEAKER_01]
And there was a phone call.

[SPEAKER_03]
It was a phone call.

[SPEAKER_01]
I was told to call up the FDA.
Like, who do you ask to speak to?

[SPEAKER_03]
You can.

[SPEAKER_01]
You can.
But who do you ask to speak to?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, it was it was a department that that regulates biologics.
So I called their 800 number and she directed me to a web-based form that I completed and submitted.
I did that about again, nine o'clock in the morning and was fired by Ventavia at three o'clock in the afternoon.

[SPEAKER_01]
Now the only way that could possibly happen is if the FDA has an inside track and was and tipped off Pfizer to tip off Ventavia, right?

[SPEAKER_03]
In my opinion, I think that, you know, there's no other explanation.
I alerted the FDA's what was happening.
And I, again, in my opinion, I think the FDA alerted Pfizer and Pfizer in turn alerted my company and my company fired me under the pretext that I was not a good fit.

[SPEAKER_01]
Now, Robert, that's not supposed to happen, right?
These organizations are supposed to be independent and checking on each other rather than in cahoots, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
No doubt about that.
I mean, the FDA's job in this process was to meaningfully regulate, but they mostly delegate.
They delegate these tasks effectively to the big pharma companies.
And that shifted the burden obligation on Pfizer.
And what Pfizer should have immediately done is
Cease the clinical trial until an investigation could be done to figure out what was happening.
But from the evidence that we've seen and from other evidence that's been presented and that we're developing, and I believe discovery would prove, Pfizer knew that what was happening at Ventavia was not limited to Ventavia.
What Brooke had witnessed was not limited to what Brooke had witnessed.
This was systematic.
And it was systematic in part because they were in a rush.
And it was systematic in part because they knew an honest review of the information and data would prove that their drug was neither safe nor effective, nor practically speaking, properly labeled or even marketed as a vaccine in the first place.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, you know, they have this novel defense.
But before I get into the novel defense.
Just let me introduce Robert Barnes as like I've heard just amazing things about you.
You know, people say Robert Barnes, he's like the best of the best of the best.
I mean, you're like a legend when when people talk about you.
So
You know, I'm not worthy here to talk to you, but anyway, I just wanted to just mention that for our audience who maybe haven't heard of Robert Barnes, but he's a force to contend with.
Now, there's a video of you
are being interviewed, and you're talking about the novel Pfizer defense.
And I know you can't wait to spill it to this group.
So why don't you tell us what this novel defense is?
And also, because I was talking to Warner, and he was saying that they could actually get away with it, that maybe if the judge believes it,
Like, so tell us what the novel defense is and tell us if you think that they could pull that off.

[SPEAKER_00]
Pfizer's effective defense is that it doesn't matter if they falsely certified and submitted fraudulent, perjured affidavits and declarations and certifications to the United States government, all of which were the precondition for the approval and authorization of the amount of money, billions and billions of dollars being given to Pfizer over this particular drug.
that it doesn't matter if they lied doesn't matter if they purged themselves doesn't matter if they were falsifying affidavits declarations and certifications if the if the government would have given them and written the check anyway.
So that's the core of that if it's okay if we commit fraud if the if the government it's going to write us the check even knowing we committed fraud.
And that effectively it's kind of if the FDA bureaucrats are in on it, then we're in the clear defense.
Now there is out there, usually the defense is raised in the limited context in which the argument is that the particular fraud was inconsequential.
So somebody, let's say, submitted something that was inaccurate, but it didn't matter.
It's not material under the law.
That's the kind of cases they're piggybacking off of.
To my knowledge, it has never been applied in this context because these certifications were essential, fundamental, and critical to the check being written, at least for public
for public consumption purposes.
I mean, the government has relied upon these.
The government has never come out and said, oh yeah, we know that Pfizer was lying on all these certifications, all these declarations, all these affidavits, all these documents.
We know they perjured themselves en masse and we don't care.
They've said, no, we're trusting Pfizer here.
So Pfizer's trying to sort of sneak in a defense that's usually limited to people who make an inconsequential mistake
in terms of the government writing the check.
It's also a confusion between government bureaucrats and the people.
Even the court at times seemed confused on this issue.
A lot of courts get confused on this issue.
These claims are brought in the name of the people of the United States, collectively for the people and the taxpayers.
that is not controlled or dictated or determined by what a few bureaucrats think.
This is on behalf of the people.
And the question is where the people lied to, and no doubt they were.
So they shouldn't get away with this, but there are other cases in other courts that, I mean, just generally, Big Pharma has got away with a lot, sadly, in the context of our federal courts.
Hopefully they don't get away with it here, but it's what they're trying to do.

[SPEAKER_01]
So it's possible that they could get away with it using that defense.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, it's possible that if a court buys it, and in our view, misapplies the law.
In fact, it's become such an issue that it's right before Congress now to amend the law to make clear this can never be done, because this little loophole is being expanded to apply to places it's not supposed to apply.
this misdefinition and misapplication of materiality as it's called.
And so we hope that we get some legislative change, but the law is clear that our case should go forward, but you never know for sure when you're going up against one of the most powerful companies in the world.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, you know, eventually on appeal, you go higher and higher and higher and you get the right answer.
So you're confident though, that even though maybe the judge may rule incorrectly in your case, that by the time it goes to appeal that you will eventually win this case, that they are not, that argument is not defensible.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I have confidence in the district court he said he's committed to the facts and the law so I've come you know the, but what is a lot of other lawyers looking at the case, say that historically they that unless the government deliberately intervenes in a key tam case, most federal courts don't go forward and aren't willing to battle.
against a big company like a big pharma company, unless the government's on our side, that the power gap ends up being the determinative gap in the case and just in terms of looking at the legal system sociologically, if you will.
So I think our hurdle is getting over that perception.
The law is still on our side and I still have hope that the court system at some level will enforce it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So, Werner, do you think you agree with that?

[SPEAKER_02]
This has been a battle that we've been fighting for the last two decades.
And fundamentally in the whistleblower context, only about 10% of these cases get intervened by the federal government.
So every citizen has a right under the Federal Faults Claims Act to bring a case when there's fraud, but very few of them are prosecuted by the federal government.
And then those that remain
where the federal government does not so-called intervene in the case, then the private individual like Brooke Jackson has to get attorneys and has to proceed on her own.
And you can see that we're certainly outnumbered and outgunned by the attorneys and the money on the other side and the big law firms.
And judges just have a hard time when you come into court and you say, look, we've got a multi-billion dollar case here.
And this citizen is, as a whistleblower, wants to vindicate the rights of the taxpayers.
And judges have a really difficult time with that.
I mean, I've seen it all over the country.
So it's really tough.
And I do want to mention that Brooke, just so everybody knows, you know, Brooke, could you tell if we are successful in this case?
What do you plan to do with the money?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, let's talk about how much, but before she does that, we should say how much money
that she could be awarded in this case?

[SPEAKER_02]
It's tens of billions of dollars.
There's a lot of different ways to do the math on it because every single claim has a value of roughly $20,000.
That's every single shot.
Multiply that by a couple hundred million.
And you've got an incredible potential claim there.
That's called the penalties portion of it.
And then you also have the overall contract itself, the contract value, which I'm not sure what the current number on that is.
Do you know that current number Robert?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, it was at the time the suit was filed 1.9 billion.
But as you saw from the beginning of the show, the total amount being paid to Pfizer, all derivative of these lies and deceptions and misrepresentations and fraud is now estimated to be worth over 100 billion to Pfizer.
So that gives you an idea of the scale.
I believe it's the most profitable drug in the history of Pfizer.
And it's probably worth reminding people, Pfizer is, to my knowledge, the most criminally fined drug company in the history of the world.

[SPEAKER_01]
So she could be awarded $100 billion.

[SPEAKER_02]
She could be awarded $1 trillion.
There's something called the penalties provision.
So you multiply $20,000 by $100 million, let's say, and figure that out plus the value of the contract.
So it is really, it's a very strong statute if you succeed.

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, so she could be going to Disneyland easily on that.
What else would you do with the money?
You get a trillion dollars, just one a trillion dollar settlement.
You have to pay your lawyers, right?
Sure.
That would be the first thing.

[SPEAKER_03]
There's that.
But there's also a part of the False Plains Act.
Warner, if you want to tell them about the retaliation for my firing, that in my mind,
is my reward.
So will you explain that just quickly?
And then I'll tell you what I plan to do.

[SPEAKER_02]
The False Claims Act has two provisions, okay?
So, you know, for the payment.
And one is to protect the whistleblower because Brooke's been fired.
She's not receiving any salary, nothing.
It's damaged her career.
So it's called 3738.
It's the whistleblower retaliation provision.
That bit of money, which is not anywhere close to this,
that bit of money would go to Brooke to make her whole, so to speak.
The other portion are the penalties against the company.
So it's triple damages plus roughly $20,000 per claim.

[SPEAKER_03]
So that part Steve, I just want to do to understand.
So that part of my lawsuit or the lawsuit is mine.
The rest, you know, the
whatever it ends up being billions, trillions from the very beginning when I first met Robert, I wanted to make it clear that that is not my money, that belongs to the people and those that have been injured by this vaccine.
And I will leave it to these guys to figure out how we set up the funds to make sure that this money goes to them.
If there's anything successful, we'll go to them.

[SPEAKER_01]
to the vaccine injured.
Correct.

[UNKNOWN]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_01]
Awesome.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, because right now zero has been paid out to the vaccine injured.
There's not been a single case that has been adjudicated in favor of the person filing.
And there have been some very serious cases that have been filed with the CICP and they have awarded zero.
So it's pretty bad.
So good.
Good for you.
So Brooke, I mean, this is a long process for you, right?
This is going to be your three.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm sorry.
I said we're going into your three for me.
I alerted the FDA to Pfizer's problems 644 days ago today.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow, how long do you expect this trial to take?
How long do you expect to be basically in court for, is it for the next two years, three years, five years, 10 years, 20 years?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I'll stick around as long as it takes to bring to light what's happened.

[SPEAKER_01]
Do you know, has Robert cleared you in?

[SPEAKER_03]
I mean, we have a tentative, I believe, court.
trial date scheduled for 2024, but we have hurdles to get past or over before that.
I think first ones do August 6, guys, if you want to talk about that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so you're taking it a day at a time, but Robert, what do you think?
How long do you think this is going to take before this thing concludes?

[SPEAKER_00]
If it stays with the judge's schedule and he denies Pfizer's motion to dismiss, then we will go to trial in the summer of 2024 or late spring, early summer of 2024.
If for some reason there's some motion granted either to dismiss or summary judgment, then that will go all the way up the appellate chain and then come all the way back.
So the case, the earliest I could see the case getting resolved is 2024.
The latest, as Werner can tell you, could be a decade from now.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
So if you had a crystal ball and we were doing a bedding pool, what would you guess?
This thing gets resolved that.
And how do you think it gets resolved?
Do you think it's gonna be resolved and Brooke is gonna walk away with a trillion dollars?
Or what do you think, practically speaking, like how long and how much?

[SPEAKER_00]
This is the foundational fundamental case, challenging and contesting what happened here.
They're trying to set a precedent here so they can do it again.
And so it's not just about this case and the people that have been injured by this drug, but they're gonna use this as a model moving forward.
So the goal is to put it to a stop.
If we get a trial in 2024, we will win and prevail and hopefully stop this from ever reoccurring again.
Hopefully bankrupt Pfizer in the process for doing what they did and go forward.
If on the other hand, we have to go through a lot of appeals and everything else, then we're probably some years away.
We do anticipate that, or I anticipate there'll probably be a change in administration in 2025.
and maybe a new administration will be more conscientious at enforcing some of these provisions.
So there's always the possibility that at some point along, in fact, the current US Attorney's office has remained open to intervening in this case.
They're letting us do the hard work and they may step in at some juncture, which is kind of typical with key TAM cases in general, though this has some unique political and public policy consequences.

[SPEAKER_01]
So if they intervene, could they basically throw it to the drug company and end it for you and really screw things up?

[SPEAKER_00]
They can always intervene and settle on very different terms.
Now, that has to get approved by the judge.
We have an opportunity to object.
They have limits in terms of being able to settle the retaliation claim, though.
So they can settle one.
The Ketam claim is easier for them to control than the retaliation employment claim is.
But yes, and in fact, government has done that upon occasion.
So it's going to be a very interesting road going forward.
No doubt about that.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
This is just going to be just super exciting to see what happens.
Maybe we should open it up for questions, for audience questions, Louisa.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great.
We do have audience questions from Tricia.
And the lawyers speak to the brand new Supreme Court ruling that just released today, June 30th, for the health workers in New York state as it's
I'm not familiar with this ruling, to be honest.
I haven't been in touch today on this particular one.
So are you all familiar with it and what happened today?

[SPEAKER_00]
I just saw the news flash.
So I don't know if that came from the US Supreme Court.
It may have been also a denial of cert, which is what the US Supreme Court has been doing is dodging a lot of the vaccine mandate cases other than those that were in the federal employment context.
So the or federal contractor or the OSHA World Context.
So New York and Maine, of course, have denied a bunch of religious exemptions and accommodations.
The federal courts and those jurisdictions have affirmed and approved that, unfortunately, and the US Supreme Court hasn't handled it yet.
I do think when the US Supreme Court ever fully takes the case,
I still believe they will enforce Title VII as to vaccine mandate violations of Title VII.
But I assume that's what people are referring to as the Supreme Court has dodged it this term.
They refuse to reverse the lower federal courts, including the First and Second Circuit Court of Appeals on that issue.

[SPEAKER_05]
I see.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, something about the medical workers.
And we work with a lot of medical workers in Ohio.
And one of the things I'm really concerned with is the amount of VAX injuries that we're seeing in medical workers and what it's doing to the entire profession.
You know, if medical workers are gonna be first in line for experimental genetic therapies and those therapies go wrong, we're gonna lose our people that are taking care of us in hospitals and doctor's offices.
I'm very worried about it.
We've seen a lot of injury in our medical workers.
A lot of people knocked out.
Brooke met one of those a few weeks ago in Ohio.
And her testimony was just, it was just devastating.
She had an entire room of 100 people in tears over it.
36 year old mother of two.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
So sad.
We've got another question.
Are there
Any resources for combating VAX requirements for professional seminars where you can't get it without showing a vaccine card?

[SPEAKER_00]
In certain, depending on the case, depending on the location, depending on the jurisdiction, there may be state laws applicable.
And in some of those cases, they may be public accommodations in such a way that either Title VII or the ADA may apply.
So it depends on the state that they're in, where there's maybe more robust state law protections.
It's extraordinary that, I mean, there's even some people doing my body, my choice protest, but they're requiring you to be vaccinated before you can join it.
It's kind of an interesting irony of a protest.
So we're going to continue to explore how far they can go as they try to reinstate and re-institute sort of the eugenics kind of agenda of a century ago.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
Thank you.
From Nicole.
Brooke, appreciate your bravery.
I'm a 30-year clinical research monitor.
What did the ICON-CRA do?
They should have noted all of these findings.

[SPEAKER_03]
Sure, that's a great question.
So Pfizer delegated some of their clinical trial responsibilities to the contract research organization, ICON, in this case.
The monitoring plan that was developed was not followed.
Because of COVID, some clinical trial sites were allowing on-site monitoring visits.
Others were not allowing those to occur.
So what the workaround was to develop a 21 CFR compliant platform.
So the source documentation informed consent forms, labs, et cetera, could be uploaded to this platform.
and that would be the monitoring process.
The monitors would have access to that web-based platform and they could monitor that way, but that did not happen contractually.
I believe that they were, Ventavia was required to upload the source documents within 24 hours.
And when I arrived on site, we were,
about 28 days late with that with that documentation being uploaded.
So it just wasn't happening.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is from Alicia.
This may be too soon.
We're not sure.
Are there any updates on military injection injuries or their lawsuits?
Are there any lawsuits that are open for others to join?
This is from Alicia.
I retired today after 29 years in the Army National Guard in order to keep retirement benefits instead of getting kicked out for not following orders, not getting the genetic modifying shot.
That's the first part.
And then I have soldiers who are being told they will not get paid being code are non punitive non pay status.
Is there anything we can do legally.
So any updates on military injection entries or lawsuits open for others to join.
And then that second question.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I mean, I can tell you there is one in Ohio right Patterson Air Force base employees are suing there's actually a couple of lawsuits down there so I don't I'm not on that lawsuit but we are referring to an attorney who's running that case.

[SPEAKER_01]
Those are illegal orders, aren't they to get vaccinated and so you don't have you're not required to follow an illegal order so you can't be
ejected for not complying with an illegal order, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
You would think, Steve, but they're gonna be going through court marshals here very quickly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
Is there anything you can, she says, is there anything we can do legally?
The ones who are being told they will not get paid being code are non punitive, non-paste status.

[SPEAKER_00]
Liberty Council down in Florida has brought class actions on behalf of everybody in the different military groups.
There's other class actions in other parts of the state country as well.
It looks like the judge is going to rule in their favor because the Religious Freedom and Restoration Act has a very robust definition of religious protection.
It applies to everybody in the federal government, including members of the military.
I'm not part of that case, but those following it.
and do anticipate that the judge will issue a favorable ruling at some point.
All the Supreme Court said was the military Kavanaugh kind of backed off and basically said, you can do deployment decisions however you want, regardless of religious accommodation objections to the vaccine.
But they haven't embraced any other aspect of the military's policies and procedures.
And so there is pending litigation.
And I know the lead counsel I'm aware of in Florida is Liberty Council.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, thank you.
That's helpful.
Thank you so much.
This question is for you, Robert, from David.
How could a new congressional majority next year help with your lawsuit?
And what could they investigate with subpoena power?

[SPEAKER_00]
A bunch of things.
So I mean, they can help with the lawsuit by clarifying false claims act claims as to who can bring them, how they can bring them, that big corrupt fraudsters can't get away with it based on some complicity of a government agency or a government agency not doing its investigative job and just delegating authority to the private companies that are committing the fraud.
So there's clear reform that can happen in the false claims act.
Some of that's already under concern and under review in Congress already.
The second is they could definitely make more clear when a vaccine can be mandated and when it can't be in terms of existing Title VII and ADA law.
So they could clarify that the way a lot of states have clarified that, you know, Tennessee, Arkansas, other states that have passed very good legislation on this.
And then in terms of what was the second question?

[SPEAKER_05]
What could they investigate with subpoena power?

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, they can investigate everybody.
So, you know, have a will to use that.
I mean, the January 6th committee is investigating everything and everybody in God's green earth.
So they're going to do, you know, if it's good enough for January 6th, it's definitely good enough for the biggest drug company scam in the history of America.

[SPEAKER_01]
By the way, I did a sub stack article about and I listed close to two dozen
things that are very disconcerting in the Pfizer trial.
And the government's not looking at any of them.
They just don't want to know at all.
It's like, there's nothing going on there.
There's no inspector general.
There is no accountability at all right now.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_00]
That's absolutely correct.
I mean, they've completely abandoned their jobs.
They just delegate it to the big drug companies.
They take the big drug companies at their word.
Then the big drug companies say that there can't be anybody else judicially to look at them because the FDA is not doing its job.
So I know it's this kind of circle jerk of immunity.
And so there needs to be,
change on that fundamentally in the law, but no doubt if the House is serious, if the Senate is serious, they will open up meaningful, real, full investigations to vet this, to show the world what took place here because it's one of the worst scandals in the history of American medicine.

[SPEAKER_02]
And mankind, I mean, Chuck Grassley is trying to change the Federal False Claims Act to make it more useful.
They have this materiality requirement, which could be cleaned up.
And they also have something called 9B, which, I'm getting into the weeds here a little bit, but it's this particularity, the who, what, when, where, how.
That's not required in most civil litigation.
It's just simply notice pleading.
And we need to get back to notice pleading, which we used to have in the False Claims Act arena.
The other thing I did see in that Virpac meeting this week, that one of the people talking did suggest that they look at safety issues.
So I was glad to see somebody realize that maybe they ought to add safety to their review.

[SPEAKER_05]
Which I always thought- I think I had that for all this time.
Wow.
OK, here's a question for both attorneys from Robbie.
How will court-scheduled release of internal trial visor trial documents affect this case?
Those documents visor sought to hide for 75 years.

[SPEAKER_00]
It helps.
So we're working with them.
In fact, I think we're going to be meeting with some of the folks that are helping organize a lot of the data and information on that next week in New York City.
So making sure that we coordinate a lot of that so that we can get as much intelligence and information as we can from those documents.
Because in this case, in Brooks case, they were obsessed with stopping discovery until at least December.
So there must be something embarrassing that they're hiding.
And they were obsessed.
I think the Pfizer was more obsessed with what I was tweeting than what their own discovery would reveal.
And, you know, the so that tells me there's a lot of dirt there that they're sitting on.
We're already seeing that in Europe.
The European commissioners text with Pfizer to authorize certain things.
And they've gone missing.
They just kind of disappeared.
They just.
They can't find them, unfortunately.
So my guess is there's a lot more that's there to be developed.
And it's great work that Dell Big Tree and others are doing.
And Aaron Siri and others are doing in the FOIA litigation.
And we definitely plan on coordinating and getting all of that intel and information so that we can utilize it in this in related cases.

[SPEAKER_01]
How many attorneys combined do you guys have working?
Essentially, how many attorneys are working for Brooke?

[SPEAKER_02]
We have a number of attorneys that have agreed to help out.
I would say there's six core attorneys that are willing to dedicate real time in terms of looking at the pleadings.
There's probably another 10 or so that have expressed an interest and have expressed support.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, we're putting together, Werner is the lead on it, putting together a dream team to help Brooke because we're up against everybody.
I mean, just the last little minor court call had Pfizer's multiple Pfizer corporate council, Pfizer firms, Ventavia firms, Icon firms.
I mean, there's at least a dozen lawyers on their side that are working on, and the firms they have have hundreds and hundreds of lawyers.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, you know- There's a full employment act for lawyers.

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, Debbie, for corporate lawyers.
I mean, this will always be David and Goliath, but we're trying to get as many good David as we can.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So you're outnumbered by what?
What do you think you're?

[SPEAKER_00]
You know, you're one, 10 to one, 20 to one, something like that.

[SPEAKER_01]
10 or 20 to one.
Yeah.
OK. And they're going to like those odds then a couple of thousands.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's better than 100 to one.

[SPEAKER_02]
And they're getting paid, you know, 1,000, 1,500 an hour to do the work.
So they're just cleaning up on this.
I mean, they've already spent probably tens of millions of dollars on the legal defense.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's one of the way big pharma gets away with a lot of this.
They have conflicted out almost every major firm in the country.
Any big corporate firm has represented somebody in big pharma at some point.
It was actually featured as an issue in the latest Goliath TV show was how it was a big pharma case, how they had scammed to conflict him out potentially of a thing, Billy Bob Thornton's character.
So it's a real problem in the legal area.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Here's a question from Ari.
If Pfizer has convicted of fraud and the FDA is just as guilty as a complicit partner, how is that the FDA not equally guilty of fraud?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, to a certain degree, the FDA, what the FDA has really done here is they're not being, they're doing the three monkey routine.
See no evil, hear no evil, no no evil.
They're just delegating to Pfizer and saying, hey, as long as Pfizer, we trust Pfizer, whatever they've represented is true.
But what we're seeing is our system is broken.
The regulatory agencies too frequently, the FDA in particular is captured, as Robert Kennedy repeatedly notes, a large part of their budget comes from big drug companies.
And we're seeing the system fail.
And it's really, there's been people warning, people like Robert Kennedy for years, that this system doesn't work well.
People are just seeing it on the most severe scale they possibly could.

[SPEAKER_05]
And I think they're targeting in on what we read about in the article, which was,
that Pfizer's excuse was the whole FDA knew the government knew about it they knew about it so I think maybe they're talking to that piece of it like if if they did know about it if there was a piece of it that they knew about then could they be guilty of fraud?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, inconsequential because the only people who can prosecute him are the government.
So it's unfortunate in a little circular situation there.
But the way Pfizer has not produced proof that they admitted they lied to the FDA.
Instead, their claim as well, the FDA was aware of the accusations.
That's not at all the same as being aware of the truth of those accusations.
And to my knowledge, the FDA has never admitted and acknowledged nor has Pfizer that they made false statements.
Pfizer just claiming it doesn't matter because they wrote the check anyway, but they're trying to take a little loophole and make it bigger than where it doesn't apply.
But there are serious problems with the FDA, but I don't think a lot of people at the FDA are
I think the FDA, people at the FDA don't care about doing their job because it's easier to not do their job to continue to get rewarded with promotions.
And then when they leave, who's going to hire them?
It's going to be big drug companies they go to work for.

[SPEAKER_01]
But, you know, whenever I see the FDA, they're always saying that we haven't verified anything that the drug companies send us.
Like in all these external committee meetings, they're just like the pastor saying, hey, we're not, you know, we're just passing it on.
We haven't looked at anything.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's a Pontius pilot kind of thing.
Now we have reasons to suspect that there are people that may have more culpability, but that would be a discovery kind of issue.
But the biggest problem is not so much that the FDA is deliberately in on it.
as the FDA is not doing any regulatory control.
All the incentives are to let it go through.
And so that their personal incentives, their political incentives, their institutional incentives.
So when people like Biden are writing bigger and bigger, bigger checks, no matter the circumstance or situation, even for drugs, they now admit don't work in this context.
There's just no incentive for anybody at the FDA to be the aggressive proactive person.
It's partially why they were so harsh and retaliatory towards Brooke.
that the message was if you see anything, you better say nothing or you're going to end up without a job in black bald and blacklisted from the industry and will attack you publicly and will smear you in court filings and all the rest.
That they're sending a message to every other whistleblower out there.
So I think that's the problem is more the failure and unwillingness to do their job than overt complicity.
Indeed, they often just kind of don't want to know in terms of the individual regulator.

[SPEAKER_01]
What are there?
Does anybody from the FDA or CDC call you up and say, hey, Robert, I want to rat on these guys.
And I'm willing to sacrifice my job.
And I'll tell you what the inside scoop is.
And here's what they're really doing.
And they know this stuff is dangerous.
Do you ever get any of those calls or nobody is
You know, everybody is just like afraid to speak out and say anything bad and you just never get these insiders.

[SPEAKER_00]
It's very, very rare.
Werner can speak to it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I do want to speak to that because we have had some CMS whistleblowers contact us.
So there are in every agency in every company, there's good people.
And those good people do reach out and Robert and I welcome them to contact us and let us know what they know.
You know these are good people who are sitting there suffering watching this horrible stuff occur and they want to talk and you know we will do everything we can to protect you and protect your identity in this process.

[SPEAKER_00]
Absolutely.
In fact, first people are gold.
Oh, no, no.
I've heard heard from a whistleblower today in another context that was, you know, someone who worked at a hospital, saw everything, was trying to make sure the VAERS data was properly reported, was terminated for that reason.
They said, you know, you don't under, like what they told Brooke, you're not, you're not a good fit.
What does a good fit mean?
Apparently means covering up criminal behavior and covering up the illicit consequences of that criminal behavior, sadly by too many people at the top.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I mean, like Brooke, are there any other sort of co-whistle blowers that you met on the job in Ventavia that saw the same thing that you did that are also joining you, or are you alone in blowing the whistle here?

[SPEAKER_03]
I was certainly alone for a long time.
In June of 21,
Director of Business Operations actually reached out to me in a text message and apologized for, you know, what, what, you know, getting, for me getting fired that she had to sign off on that document.
And she had herself just recently been fired from Ventavia for very, very similar reasons for bringing up concerns.
And luckily, I recorded that conversation and, and
These guys have it, so I'm sure she'll be somebody that we'll be talking to eventually.
But yes, more people have come forward.
I think in total now I've spoke with seven employees from Vintovia.
But none that wants to come out publicly and speak to what they saw.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right, but they'll give you information privately.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Sort of the follow up question to the prior one that I asked, isn't there some sort of Nuremberg type statute that prevents the FDA and Pfizer from quote, just following orders when instructed by their superiors to commit fraud?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I'm litigating this in another context.
Right now, the problem is federal courts don't want to enforce the number or code even when it's statutorily codified.
So their excuse is that what they're wanting to do is basically say only the government can enforce some of these rules and laws.
and in order to escape accountability.
And that's not what the law has traditionally held.
That's not what the law was for, but basically we're facing some judicial hostility to the willingness to enforce the Nuremberg Code on behalf of private citizens.

[SPEAKER_05]
This one's for Brooke.
from Andred, thank you for your courage and for speaking out.
Have you been contacted by other clinical trial administrators with similar insights to yours after the BMJ report came out and what has their experience been?

[SPEAKER_03]
I have, no one from industry has reached out to me except for the employees that were at Ventavia.
I have had clinical trial participants that were in the study reach out to me and I'm in contact with them.
one in particular that is, I think, talking to my team.
Got it.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_01]
So I just had a curiosity.
Would it be safe to say that all of you are not vaccinated with the COVID vaccines?

[SPEAKER_00]
I identify as vaccinated, depending on the circumstances.
But a federal judge didn't like that explanation once, because he was going to tell the jury that I was vaccinated.
I said, I never said I was vaccinated.
I just said I identified as such.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm not vaccinated, Steve.
Sorry, you are not vaccinated?
No, no.
Brooke?

[SPEAKER_03]
I've been vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_01]
You have been.
What happened?
With what?
With COVID vaccine?
Yes.
What happened?
How did that happen?
You got one or two?
This is before you started the job or after you started the job?

[SPEAKER_03]
This was in early January of 2021.
In Texas, we were able to choose the site location where the vaccinations were occurring and choose which product we wanted.
I chose Moderna because I thought that this was just a problem with Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow.
You won't make that mistake again, will you?

[SPEAKER_03]
No.

[SPEAKER_00]
We've had an unfortunate crash course in the reality of Big Farm.
But for a lot of people that have been in this industry for forever, they've never witnessed anything like this.
I mean, a lot of people looking at the studies are like out of Argentina.
They're like, we're seeing things we have never witnessed before.
And so it is extraordinary.
And when you get a crash course and how the system really works, it's always a little bit of a shock.
uh you know it's your more idealistic person who ends up becoming a whistleblower because they believe me Edward Snowden was this way really believed in what the government was doing shocked to discover that you know folks for a lion and so I think that's not uh uncommon I've been I've been around the block enough with the government not to have been skeptical from the get-go but that uh that's not necessarily an educational experience you want to deliver to everybody else

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
So I guess the question is, Robert, in this case, are you appalled at like, hey, I thought it was bad.
I knew it was bad because of my previous history.
We realize that it was this bad.
This is over the top.
I mean, are you being surprised at how bad this particular case is?

[SPEAKER_00]
It's it's egregious to a level that I haven't seen in any other case and maybe Werner can talk about in his experience as well.
But the way I describe it to people I say the simple way to understand Brooks case is they were so careless so reckless that they had needles sticking out of bags.
use needles sticking out of bags, and they had people's private medical records plastered up on the wall, the cafeteria, so the janitor could read them and say, oh, look, Susie's got an STD and whatever else.
When you're that careless, that reckless, do you think they took adverse events seriously?
Do you think they took unblinding seriously?
Do you think they took any of these things seriously?
So from that perspective, I think it's the most egregious example of a complete failure to follow very elementary safety and efficiency metrics that has ever been done in the history of a drug like this.
And this is the drug that's being administered at the biggest scale on the quickest time frame.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
Yeah.
So I mean, it's fair to say that this is the biggest goof up ever in medical history.
Absolutely, the biggest fraud ever.

[SPEAKER_02]
Steve, I mean, you know, I... And you're right there.
I am so stunned by this.
I mean, I've dealt with bad situations, you know, throughout my career.
We confront people and corporations and governments doing bad things.
But, you know, this really crossed the Rubicon for me into a morality issue.
You know, this actually, you know, I hate to say this.
I never thought I would use this as, you know, in my legal career necessarily, but it's very rare when you confront an individual that's actually evil.
But the way that our system is working right now is evil.
It is against humanity, and it's really, it's so destructive.
We've got purges going on in our country.
We've crossed the Rubicon into something totally different.
that is unprecedented and that I've never seen before and I almost hate to use that word in this conversation but I'm just there in my head at this point you know and the deal with the kids vaccinations that they you know that they're that they're approving here no way.
No way.
I mean, you're attacking children.
That's evil personified there.
So I mean, that's where I am.
I hate that our country is there, but that's where I am.
The entire system is broken down.

[SPEAKER_01]
When do you think this ends?
Do you think this ends in a year or two years?
When does America wake up here?
I mean, people are dying.
I've got surveys that show we killed half a million Americans.
And nobody wants to take a look at my survey.
And the surveys show that myocarditis rates are like 3.7%.
That's 500 times higher.
than what the CDC is telling people.
I mean, people are being lied to about how safe and effective these vaccines are.
These vaccines are not safe.
They're not effective.
They're killing people.
They're killing massive numbers of Americans.
And the press doesn't wanna take a look at it.
The Congress basically trusts the FDA and says, hey, your stats must be wrong because they differ from, like, when does America wake up?
I mean, what is it gonna take?
Because the doctors are seeing these deaths that are happening to young kids.
And they're basically, they're like, look in the other way.
They're saying, hey, I'm not gonna jeopardize my job.
another kid, another vaccine, and they're shutting up about it, right?
And there's nothing breaking that cycle here because they don't want to lose their job.
So how do we break this thing open?

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, it's the biggest thing.
The best historical parallel I can draw is Chernobyl.
So after Chernobyl, the Soviet Union decided to convince everybody that there had been no medical fallout from all that radioactivity.
And when people came forward with clear problems, doctors were told to tell them they have phobia.
They have radiophobia.
And they tried to make that last.
And it lasted actually for two years.
But then there was just so much blowback because so many injuries.
And when you had kids being born, babies being born with fish tails, you had calves with, their leg was next to their ear.
You could only get away with that for so long.
And even the Soviet Union and its totalitarian system arguably collapsed over the lives of Chernobyl.
And I think the lies that have been spun out in defense of this mass medical experimentation of horrific failure, I think as the injuries accumulate and people start asking the right questions and people start making the right inquiries and enough conscientious doctors and nurses continue to come forward, it will at some point reach a critical mass that the system collapses.
And I think the system will regret it because it will lead to people never trusting them for generations because of what they've done.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I hope so.
I hope that's the result.
Well, it's been well deserved.
I mean, what they've done is unthinkable.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
I'd love to ask a little question of today's news.
This was asked by someone, and I thought, oh, I'd love to know what you thought.
Question from Sarai.
Any comment on Alex Berenson settling with Twitter prior to discovery?

[SPEAKER_00]
The government had, the court only given him limited discovery and given Musk taking over Twitter, there was already debate about in the court whether or not his case was mooted.
So I hope it means he's going to be reinstated.
We'll see.
But I think that any lawyer would have advised him to take any settlement that would have moved the ball forward in some meaningful manner.
We just don't know the, we won't know that for a little while.
But I think there are people who are disappointed who wanted him to march forward and onward.
But that's a client situation and it's up to him what he wanted to do.
And so I think that's why he did what he did.
But there are people who thought he had a little more discovery than he did.
The judge dismissed all but one limited claim and only gave him limited discovery on that claim.
So it wasn't clear you'd be able to prove that.
So the question was, does he march forward to the Court of Appeals and so forth?
Or does he get something out of this that can positively move the ball forward?
And hopefully Elon Musk will be a man of his word, and he buys Twitter and he restores free speech.
We'll know because the number one place that free speech needs to be restored is the medical community and the professional community who's been exposing the fraud related to COVID for the last two years.

[SPEAKER_02]
And my understanding is that some other folks have sued Twitter.
So he has helped carve a pathway and demonstrated a pathway, just like Brooke is doing, in terms of what you can do.
And Twitter's not done yet.
They've got other ones coming.

[SPEAKER_00]
The big case is Bobby Kennedy's case against Facebook and children's health defense pending before the Ninth Circuit.
That will either reverse the course of where the censorship train is going, or it will show the necessity of legislative reform in Congress.

[SPEAKER_05]
Interesting.
Great.
Thank you.
One final question for Brooke and both attorneys from Lisa.
What do you think it will take to get the masses to understand the egregious failures of the Pfizer vaccines, the injuries, the corruption, et cetera?
How do we red pill others?

[SPEAKER_00]
Expose them to people who've been injured and who've been, you know, basically gaslit about the consequences of those injuries.
The more people that see that, the more people tend to wake up.
In my experience in this field, the fraud and the other stuff that only get a little bit, but when they see real injuries and real injuries that are not being remedied, that tends to get their attention.

[SPEAKER_01]
Especially when it's your friends.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_00]
True believers.
Now what I've said is like the people that were the most critical of aspects of our vaccine regulatory system are not people that were anti-vax.
They're people that grew up deeply believing in the vaccine system.
And then something happens and somebody gets injured, and then they're like, hold on, how did this system not work to usually protect their child?
That's what gets them active and engaged, and they discover, wow, we've got some problems in our system.
Anytime you give immunity to anybody for something, it's always going to go sideways and south.
It's like giving somebody a clean plea deal without any pre-negotiation.
There's a reason they're asking for that plea deal and it's because they're innocent.
We should get rid of all immunity for drug companies period and that would be major improvement by itself and hopefully more people will wake up from that because of what's happened here.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's exactly what I was going to say.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, you just beat you to it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Any other final comments?

[SPEAKER_00]
I know it's just fantastic to be here.
For the people that had asked about the toddlers and the kids, Children's Health Defense is adding that and a claim against the FDA that we're filing is an amended complaint tomorrow, challenging their authorization for everybody six months old and over.
Also challenging the fact that they're lying to the world, lying to kids, lying to families and how that makes it impossible for parents to trust the FDA about anything going forward.
They're willing to lie about this.
So that suit also is going forward.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I mean, how can they justify an emergency?
I mean, I looked at the death data in Massachusetts.
There were no deaths from, if you're five to 11 years old, there's not a single COVID death in the two years from 2020 to 2021.
There were zero COVID deaths.

[SPEAKER_00]
How could you justify an emergency use?
especially it's one thing to make it available let's say somebody out there wanted it that's one thing you know that would be a different argument here they're lying to people about it I mean they have Elmo yesterday promoting it through Sesame Street I mean so so Elmo is up there saying yes go out oh I just had a discussion how wonderful this is and how safe it is now I mean that's how nefarious they are being

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well we did go under the Sesame Street Elma post and put that it was actually from one of our team members that gave it to somebody else.
We didn't do it under VSRF, but a sudden Muppet death syndrome.
We were like, you didn't hear Elmo died yesterday.

[SPEAKER_01]
I saw the article on Elmo dying from myocarditis.

[SPEAKER_05]
There's several out there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Louisa, the last thing that I would like to say is just that if you're a whistleblower, we want to hear from you.
So reach out to us.
And I do want to say this, there are some difficulties contacting the attorneys.
We're buried in contacts and calls.
But please persist.
I mean, we want to hear from you.
We're going to try to get back to you as efficiently and quickly as possible.
We need to hear your stories, not just on this product, but all other drug products.
I mean, there's problems at every level of the pharma industry.
This is just the worst of it.
And every level of federal contracting, there's problems.
So please, those whistleblowers out there, reach out.
If you're internal to the government or internal to the company, we want to hear from you.
We'll try to protect you like I said, but that's my encouragement to you.
You're critical.
Without Brooke, we wouldn't know this stuff.
We need people like Brooke.
And thank you, Brooke, of course, as always.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you for saying that.
I love that you said that.
And I hope that people that are listening will pass this on to anyone that's told them a story that they've not been willing to go public with and that they might think twice.
after hearing Brooke and her courage to come forward.
So thank you.
Thank you all three of you for being with us tonight.
We really appreciate this.
It's really meaningful to get this word, this awareness out here, and we'll be sending the replay of this video, not only to our Odyssey, but also to our entire list, newsletter list.
We have a lot of people that watch, thousands that watch outside of the live.
So we'll definitely be posting pieces of this in the entire broadcast that way.
So thank you again.

[SPEAKER_00]
Absolutely.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
