[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, this is Filiu, and I'm a host for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation's live college edition, and welcome to our bi-weekly Monday show.
Tonight, we'll be talking with a special guest, Lauren Palmer.
She's a current senior at the University of Vermont, who's working toward an undergraduate degree in Classics and Asian Studies.
She previously and attended St. Michael's College, but chose to withdraw in 2021 due to discriminatory COVID-19 policies, which the college refused to discuss.
Outside of her studies, Lauren offers classes for homeschoolers in Latin, creative writing, and history.
Tonight, we'll also be waiting for a TICE PAT and Mila to join if possible.
They are on their way.
But VSRF is a 501C3 organization with a mission to end COVID-19 mandates
and advance COVID-19 vaccine safety through public education and advocacy of scientific research, as well as provide support to the vaccine injured.
We encourage open and transparent conversations, scientific and medical inquiry questions, so please do ask us questions.
We call for truth and transparency in our colleges so that our fellow students and future generations can receive informed consent and freedoms to have education without coercion or mandates.
We support education for all.
Thanks for joining us on Slife on Rumble.
If you would like to ask any questions, please drop them in the comments or in the live chat box to your side.
With that being said, Lauren recently wrote an amazing letter to St. Michael's College and no college mandates published it on their sub-stack.
So I will pull up my screen share in one second.
Okay.
So Laura recently wrote this letter to St. Michael's for declining the COVID-19 vaccines.
She had faced a choice between either compromising her bodily integrity and her values
or withdrawing from a school that she loved, as well as her community at St. Melchus College.
And faced with this decision, Lauren decided to withdraw.
And while she is thriving at her new institution,
obviously having to transition from a college that you felt at home must have been very very difficult so Lauren would you be able to tell us about your story and introduce us about yourself yeah of course

[SPEAKER_00]
So my name is Lauren Palmer.
I transferred into St. Michael's, which is a very small, like less than 2,000 students liberal arts college in Vermont.
And I transferred in the fall of 2020.
So the pandemic had already been well underway for at least part of the year.
And I stayed for only one year at St. Mike's, so I stayed through August 2021.
And my experience at St. Mike's for the first part of the year was definitely, I was just hoping to kind of fly under the radar, not make a big deal out of anything.
I was okay with the masks at that point as long as
I could take it off outside and just kind of get through the year and hope that things would be dropped soon.
And I think it was about spring, like April, March of 2021, when the vaccines started being discussed more and really the mandates started being a possibility.
And that was kind of for me where things started shifting because I think
especially the environment on campus before that it had just been okay we're kind of all in this together everybody's masked which different people felt different ways about but it was kind of an even playing field and there wasn't so much of like tension on campus but I think as soon as the vaccine mandates came out
There was just this absolute energy shift on the campus.
And I even remember professors like talking about in class, like, hey, when are you going to get vaccinated?
And it being brand comfortable to know exactly what to say because I didn't feel comfortable saying, you know, I really don't think that this has the right research behind it.
I have these concerns.
And so that environment really shifted in the spring of 2021.
And I started thinking about what I could potentially do to influence my administration if I could.
So I wrote my first letter to St. Mike, the one that's on the screen is actually the third one that I wrote.
So the first letter was addressed specifically to the mandates, the vaccine mandates that were just emerging at that point.
And it was really targeting this idea that throughout the whole year I had been at St. Mike's, we were learning about Socratic Dialogue and the need for discussion.
And I took a Tolkien class, which is
His story is all about the danger of power and money and different things like that.
And so I really in that first letter was asking them to open a discussion because there are students, there were students on campus that had concerns.
And I was one of them.
I had roommates that were also concerned when we talked about that.
And that letter was basically met with a very generic like thanks for writing.
And then at that point I had gotten a religious exemption after a lot of back and forth emails with health professionals on campus.
and they actually required you to state in writing what your religious exemption was.
Like, why did you feel you had a religious reason to say no to the vaccine?
Which is very interesting because I had also filled out vaccine exemptions for other vaccines coming into St. Mike's and there was, you didn't have to justify anything.
So it was interesting to see that.
And I had a lot of friends that got turned off when they saw that
requirement because they said, I mean, I don't want to take it, but I don't have like a religious reason not to.
So I was at that point willing to stay and I was excited to stay with an exemption.
But that summer I worked on the campus at the library and that's kind of when things started to change again, because they dropped the masking mandate for vaccinated students and employees, but not for unvaccinated.
And unfortunately my advisors at the library knew I was unvaccinated and I was pretty sure that they would kind of police me if I didn't wear a mask.
And so that environment being on campus every day from like eight to five working at the library with a mask on while everybody else was unmasked felt very
Like I suddenly didn't have a choice about whether people knew I was vaccinated or not, because I really was probably the only person I saw wearing a mask.
And so I had written a second letter in the summer to the administration on masking.
And I included a lot of studies in that and asked them to please read some of these studies and reconsider the mask mandate for the unvaccinated students.
For the summer and also going into the fall semester and when that came back with the same very generic response of basically thanks to writing will consider it.
That was when I decided to withdraw because I didn't think that anything was going to change.

[SPEAKER_01]
Mm-hmm, right.
So, wow, I find it so funny that they went from it's all, you know, we're all in this together.
And then yet, when you bring up concerns, particularly after the second time, well, not even the second time, the first time as well, how your professors were talking about it, nobody addressed it in a matter that would, you know,
answer your concerns or provide you some comfort.
And the second time it was very openly people could see what your status was and they still did not respond to your concerns.
yet they came up from the situation where all this together.
That's just crazy and I'm sorry that you had to deal with that.
But while I was reading your article here earlier,
Right here, you were an honor student.
So it wasn't like you were a student that was, you know, trying to cause any sort of trouble or being rebellious or, you know, cause, you know, trouble to the school.
You were an honor student.
And then from that, I believe that because they've given you this achievement and this award and this title, you have a reasoning for that.
So, in honor to and as questioning the safety and the efficacy of these mandates, they wouldn't even listen to her.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I think it was interesting.
I did send both letters, not just to the administration, but also to several of my professors.
And I got mixed responses.
I did get one professor that was actually very open to talking about where I was at with things and kind of opening a discussion.
So that was awesome.
But he was retiring, so he wasn't able to do much.
But I think it was especially interesting to
see the reactions of the people that knew me most like my professors or other students that had kind of heard where I was at that I was potentially leaving during the summer because of the mask mandate and I think it startled a lot of them and I could kind of see it in their faces when they heard that because I think
there's very much this like preconceived idea that if you're unvaccinated, if you're not complying with the mandates that you're somehow like all of these very negative things.
And so I think it was in some ways interesting to see people's response of like, wait, I thought she was fine with all this because she was an honor student.
She was gonna be a residential assistant and she's worked at the library for so long.
So yeah, it was definitely interesting
That didn't seem to mean that people spoke up or were willing to talk about it more, but it was interesting to kind of see that thought process happen sometimes.

[SPEAKER_01]
Definitely.
Were these professors the ones that were also teaching about this asocratic?
Really?

[SPEAKER_00]
One of them was.
He was actually the one who sat down and talked to me.
So he retired, unfortunately.
All of my other professors were either pretty much silent or just kind of returned a very similar mandate rhetoric.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you mind explaining what the Socratic?
I'm sorry.
I'm not familiar with it, but could you explain the viewers what it is?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So, I mean, I think that there are different ways people look at it, but at least to me when I've studied Plato in the Socratic Dialogues, Socrates' idea of dialogue is essentially that
The beginning is that everybody stands on the same plane.
And if you're coming to a dialogue or a discussion, you're not coming there as enemies.
You're not coming there to try to prove a point necessarily that the base of any discussion, any dialogue is really the ability to listen and also the ability to ask questions.
So a lot of Plato's dialogues are Socrates, who's this ancient Greek kind of
philosophic master.
A lot of the dialogues are just him either asking questions of someone who's been speaking about some topic and having this other person answer and he just keeps asking questions to learn more and kind of get to like what's the base level of this argument or this discussion or sometimes he would do the opposite and the speaker could question him.
But essentially, the root of Socratic Dialogue is this idea that you come into the table as friends and with the idea that you're both looking for some kind of truth and you're not there to fight each other, essentially.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
So in the sense that you took the first step to ask your administration and open the floor for dialogue, but after the second time it seemed like they weren't actually even listening.
They just gave you a very typical response.
Do you feel like they accepted your opinion at the very least or did they just
not even, didn't even meet that line?

[SPEAKER_00]
I think the administration, the only responses I got in were not from anyone in the administration.
It was like from the secretary in the office.
That was just a generic like, thank you for your email.
We read your concerns and we'll consider them.
So I never received any response from any of the individual people in the administration.
the vice president was very vocal about other issues about wanting to hear student voices but I never heard anything from her so I think it was a kind of collective we're not really willing to hear where your views are coming from.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's very interesting.
As mentioned, I also, when you were talking about how you came from a respected background, you had achievements awards.
So did I at my school.
And I also wrote letters to my administration.
And I have a good list of achievements behind me, but I was met with the same response while asking for an exemption that, you know, I can't help you.
This is not in my field.
I'll refer you.
And I ended up going all the way around the circle and then back, where my last letter was not even responded to after a follow-up.
And this made me feel like, you know, as a student, like, I went to this institution looking for truth, looking for education, looking for, looking to like, learn how to learn.
And really trusting them that they had knowledgeable and valuable information.
They would help me question things.
they would help me research and they would help me become a more well-rounded person.
And after a year and a half there, I realized that it's really not like that.
And you mentioned
you know, how like a lot of people just kind of like passed you on or how the administration just like ignored your request and didn't really answer it.
You know, weren't able to come to the table to even have a discussion.
Why do you think it's important for schools to acknowledge these students that they have different opinions and validate them that, you know, they can be different?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that's a good question.
I mean, I think for one, that's kind of what makes us human in some ways or that's what keeps our humanity alive is the fact that we can all be individuals and we can all respect and love each other.
So I would say that for one,
it is really important for professors and even other students to acknowledge.
I think not always just this is your viewpoint, this is my viewpoint, and we have different viewpoints, or we have the same viewpoints, because that can be gray, black, and white, but even just acknowledging that everybody is on their own part of their own path in life and
for different people that can be really messy at different times, and it can be really beautiful at other times, but I think that one of the parts of acknowledging kind of the beauty of another person's soul in some ways, and recognizing that everybody is probably more similar than we are different, the first step in that is acknowledging
that there's room to discuss and there's room for lots of different ideas.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I agree with that.
You mentioned showing genuine love and kindness and compassion, even when it's difficult.
And I think COVID was a good situation to practice that.
And unfortunately, the people that we looked towards to uphold those values didn't.
you know failed our expectations but on the other hand we do have the ability to be compassionate for our professors and our fellow classmates um were you ever were you ever met with like any any sort of like confrontation um i got

[SPEAKER_00]
not anything that was very serious.
I mean, I had like one professor that wrote back to my email, my letter on masking.
And I think I had said something in the letter about like the importance of seeing each other smile and like being able to walk past each other and say hello and see each other's faces.
And she had
written back.
What was very sad to me at the time was just basically saying, oh, you know, I don't, I don't mind the fact that I can't see your smile.
I know you're smiling under your mask anyway, which was really sad to me at the time because I had, I had never even seen this professor's face actually.
And so I know I went away from St. Mike's
I think if I saw most people from that campus, I probably wouldn't recognize them, which is a really strange thought for me.
But no, I didn't ever have any serious confrontations.
I think a lot of it just felt like it was more underhanded, either writing me off in some way or just avoiding the topic or
feeling like there are probably conversations going on behind my back that means I wasn't.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's definitely hard to deal with and to handle, knowing that there might be other things that are behind your back.
I get that feeling too from my school.
But while talking about the mass situation, you know, just the psychological aspect of it, you know, because we're such social creatures that our emotions can impact other people as well.
So seeing one person's, you know, happy can make another person happy.
Seeing one person sad can make another person feel sad as well.
And looking back when our schools enforce masks, it's kind of crazy to think that they set aside this whole area of health, which is more of the emotional side of that, more of emotional health and more psychological health.
in the event to protect against COVID-19 which we know you know children and people our age kids our age were we had very strong immune systems were able to fight off
COVID-19 naturally.
And it's even in the CDC that a lot of the statistics that were there at the beginning, you know, were of co-morbid, people with co-morbid diseases.
But only about 6%, 6% were actually true COVID-19 cases, just like pure COVID.
And so those numbers were inflated.
And then we were
We were all manipulated to believe those numbers, right?
And those that didn't really look into it or look deep enough, they thought that they were doing good, but they just completely allowed this whole other side of health to be carried away and to be shut down.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
I think it was writing the letter on the mask mandates.
I think one of the things I was reflecting on for myself was I remember having this moment where there was like a little gas station that was right next to campus and you could get like ice cream and stuff there.
So I had gone over one time and I had gone out of building with my mask.
You were supposed to wear the masks.
And then I had gotten off campus and I was still wearing my mask and I remember this
feeling like I don't really want to go into the gas station without my mask on because I feel like I'm I feel like all of a sudden I'll be exposed like well everybody can see my face again and like and I remember thinking I've never felt like that before I never like had I was never afraid of anybody seeing me but all of a sudden wearing a mask hit
psychologically given me that feeling and I took it off immediately and I was like there's no way I can't wear this anymore because if I just I don't want to walk around and feel like taking it off is like suddenly I'm afraid to take it off and I was reflecting on that while writing that letter and also because I've taught a lot of homeschool classes and I've
you know, driving around my community, I would see kids the same as the ones I had taught walking outside, nobody around in the middle of the woods with a mask on.
And I was so sad for them because I could feel that that was something that I had felt at one point that it's maybe they're feeling not, oh, I can't take the mask off because I'm afraid of COVID, but even
now I can't take the mask off because I'll be exposed or I'll be seen again and that feels terrifying so I could feel that that one moment in myself and then I think recognizing that that was something that I mean I was 23 so I had a lot more brain development to recognize that but knowing that there are students across the world now that are probably afraid to take off their masks
because of a psychological thing that's been put on them is really sad.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Do you think the school administration or the policy makers for your school understood what was really going on in the student's mind?
that they felt isolated and alone and exposed and ostracized.
That's how I felt a lot of the time in school and why I kept my mask on.
Until I started getting nosebleeds from the mask and at that point I was like, no more, no more.
I can't go to class with a nose full of blood.

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't think that there was really a willingness to hear where the students were at.
I just think that the most common reaction I got when I tried to say anything with my letters or to teachers or anything was just while we're following the CDC guidance, we're following the Vermont State guidance right now.
And they're the experts.
You're basically not an expert.
those expert voices will always overrule your voice, essentially, I think was the message I got.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow, so they basically said you're not important.
Essentially, yeah.
Wow.
And that's really hard, you know, because we're young children, we like to, I won't say children, but you know, we're young people, young folk, questions and learning from experiences.
And we have valid experiences too.
And yet we were all told that, you know,
You're not important.
You're not important.
Just get out of the way and do as you're told.
I think it's a very detrimental thing to society as a whole because as we all grow up to become adults, what if we're met with a situation that needs a sermon?
but we're not able to discern for ourselves than what we do.
We're very easily misled.
Do you think that, you know, do you have any wishes for St. Mike's to repair the situation or what do you think St. Mike's could have done better?

[SPEAKER_00]
I mean, if it was back at the beginning of the mandates, I think that St. Mike's and any school, any college, any even elementary, high school, any secondary school should have had an open roundtable discussion where students could bring their concerns, bring the research that they were reading, and actually have allowed that discussion to happen.
from the beginning, I think obviously that would have been an amazing thing.
Looking back now at I guess something the schools could do now that would maybe help heal the situation is I think come out and recognize that students had a hard time throughout the past three years.
Students both who looked for exemptions or who
um had to leave their school where we're met with other um difficulty.
I'm a student who probably never realized that
they were having a hard time, maybe because of the mandates or because of the very oppressive environment.
So I think for us school to be able to come out and say we're really sorry that this happened.
And now we want to open a discussion to hear retrospectively what are your reflections?
And if this ever happens again, what could we do better?
So I think those two things is acknowledging what's happened and also
not just ending it there, but now allowing a discussion to happen and a roundtable to happen in reflection.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
That's so wonderful you said.
And I do think that we need to be prepared if anything like this happens again.
Take this situation, find out what the strengths were, find out what the weaknesses were, and include
everybody who is involved, not just all administration, all experts, but include everybody, including the students who are involved to do an open floor discussion so that we can all move on forward and be ready for the next pandemic or the next, you know, mass influenza or sickness that, you know, threatens our health.
And I think that's so wonderfully said.
And I feel like a lot, for a lot of what we experienced throughout this past three years was that when we look to our professors and our teachers, our, you know, our administration, you know, student health and wellness, trying to find our way through these things, no matter what sort of situation or background you came in, you're unvaccinated or not vaccinated.
wanted to get the shot or didn't want to get the shot.
You know, a lot of people, they just refer to the CDC or they just kind of like, oh, it's not in my area.
So why is it important not to be a bystander?
And do you have any ideas for like small ways that as students or professors can do to not, you know, stand by and let things happen?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So I think one of the first thing that I would say is to always follow your conscience.
And that means not just, I guess, not just speaking, whatever speaking looks like for you, but also acting on your conscience.
And I think the first and biggest step that probably a lot of people have already taken is to just say no.
So if your conscience is telling you and your body is telling you this vaccine or these masks or anything in your life doesn't work for you, I think saying no is the first step.
And I think actually probably one of the most powerful ones, I was just
last night watching a version of Shakespeare's Henry V and there was a line that stuck out to me where this very famous King Henry is walking around in disguise and listening to the opinions
of soldiers right before they're going into a big battle.
And one of them actually says to him, basically, this is all on the king.
So if the king's cause is bad, it doesn't matter what we do because if things go wrong, it'll all reflect on the king.
And I think I was thinking about that quote over the past day and kind of this conversation I knew we were going to have.
And realizing that
Actually, it's the people who give the king, the emperor, the ruler, the president, whatever power is there, the people give them their power.
So if the king has no soldiers to fight for him, there wouldn't be a war anymore.
So I think saying no and sticking with
your own conscience is the first and biggest step you can take to begin to take that power away from those kind of big powers.
And I had a lot of friends and I'm sure a lot of people didn't stick with saying no and they went along with the mandates even though they didn't agree with them and
So I'd say no is the first really big thing.
And I think number two, I think there are so many different ways you can get involved and speak up.
But I would say using your gifts, finding your gifts and using your gifts is a really good way to start.
So for me, I love to write and I love to teach.
So I started writing letters to my school and that's where I started.
And I also, in my year off,
Between St. Mike's and my current school, I kept teaching homeschool classes.
And I kept my house open.
No restrictions.
And we did a weekly full day class of imagination.
So it was a creative writing.
And I think all of those little things that you do to use your own gifts
in a way that you see fit, I think all of those eventually add up and start changing things.
So I would say those two things are really important and also just as you're walking around on your campus or in your community at the grocery store wherever you are, I think
Smiling of people being kind to them is always a good place to start because I think a lot of this situation has taken away people's humanity and taken away their ability to talk and to think.
So I think as just the first step, even noticing your neighbors and saying hi and.
talking to people, it doesn't mean going up to them necessarily and opening a massive conversation on mandates, which if you're willing to do that, that's cool.
But I think just the first step of actually talking to each other and getting to know somebody else, I think that starts already to heal the divisions that have happened in the past few years, which I think is really the biggest thing that
needs to change now is realizing that we've all been divided on so many different lines and we do have the power to heal those now.

[SPEAKER_01]
Wow, that's so beautifully said.
And I love how you mentioned just, you know, it doesn't have to be a huge ordeal about talking about mandates and all that, but even simple gestures, easy five, you know, five second things to do to smell at someone on the street.
And being willing to do that, especially I think making eye contact, which is how we can speak without speaking can be very powerful for a different person and just elevating all of us.
without having to necessarily go into a deep conversation about COVID or about mandates but just bringing us together our souls you know up open frequency is that's really well said and we really do need that um having you know gone through a pandemic whether you you know
whatever side you were on, we all went through for an epic.
Yeah, it definitely took a toll on humanity, on our communities, and we need to start healing that.
That's really well said.
And I do wonder, because he had mentioned, this is something I'm curious about, but because he had mentioned like the Holocaust and the Chinese Cultural Revolution, as well as the Martin Luther King Jr. in your article,
How does this situation broaden your understanding of those scenarios?
Can we take anything from those times, how they were able to heal from such horrific periods?
Can we apply them to what we're going through right now?

[SPEAKER_00]
of those three kind of historical situations that you just brought up often is probably the Chinese cultural revolution of the, I think it was 1960s.
And for me, I think I had first learned more in depth about that last fall.
And
I remember being in a class and the professor always had a PowerPoint that we would go through.
And we had read, not too long before this, Lucien's Diary of a Mad Man, which is a really fascinating short story.
And I think at another time, without COVID having happened, I would have
read through this diary of madman and probably not taken anything out of it because it I think if you're not in the right situation it looks like a diary of a madman but it is for those who don't know it's essentially this maybe seven eight page fictional diary of a man who realizes that his society and his neighbors are eating each other
And I read that and I remember being in this classroom discussing it and the professor had a picture of one of these cultural revolution kind of crackdowns on the professors and there was a professor in the middle of this circle of shouting students and our professor asked us
would you what would you do if you're in this situation and do you think you would be able to say no and not go along with the crowd and I was just looking at that picture and thinking of this diary from madman and hearing my
fellow peers around me saying, oh no, we'd recognize we wouldn't go along with it and realizing how similar the situation was to COVID, where we had all this propaganda telling each other and to forget all of our common sense and to forget basically all of our humanity because there was some kind of thing that was justified.
And I think that moment was really powerful for me.
And so I definitely, I think looking back at that situation in history particularly, having COVID as a backdrop, I think I could see those connections a lot more.
I think,
I don't know if this is necessarily a story of hope, but I think at least it's a story of courage that I took out of this class as well.
There is this story of a young woman named Lin Zhao who
was part of, originally was part of the Chinese Communist Party and was very willing to go along with everything that they were doing.
And then there was this thing called the Hundred Flowers Campaign in the 1950s, which the Communist Party basically asked
any students, any professors, anyone who wanted to comment on the state of the country and to bring their ideas to the table, which sounds like an awesome thing.
And this young woman, Lin Zhao, was probably about the age of most college students watching this.
And she thought this was awesome because this is what she thought the Communist Party would do, is to start healing things in the country.
And then immediately after that, there were the anti-rightist campaigns that basically said, anybody who just spoke up with their ideas, you're basically traitors and you'll be arrested.
And that moment for her, she suddenly realized this isn't what I thought it was and immediately changed her tune and started speaking up for what she did believe was right.
and ended up spending the rest of her life in jail, but she never did.
And I remember reading a quote from her where she had, she was talking to one of her doctors in this prison and he asked, I mean, she was basically dying and he asked, why do you keep going?
And she said something like, it's better to be destroyed than give up your own principles and your own conscience.
reading her story I felt so parallel in some ways to what her experience was.
So I think sometimes looking at those moments in history can very much give you courage sometimes and a bit of hope even as those situations were incredibly horrible.
So yeah I don't know if that answers the question about hope necessarily but I think it gives me hope in some way because
I think her story has come out and is still coming out.
And the truth always comes out eventually, even in really horrible situations.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I agree with you.
And I think that is very, very encouraging.
I also look toward historical figures who have overcome oppression as well as a lot of suppression from either society or from the government.
Some of my favorite people has been Martin Luther King Jr.
Rosa Parks and then the whole underground railroad movement of the slave trade.
But you know pulling from more of my own background I
think a lot about one of my childhood best friends who had gone back to China to start churches, underground churches, which is, you know, no no no no for the Chinese government.
And they allow the churches that they can control, but the ones that really want to worship the Lord and really want to
connect on a true spiritual level without being filtered by the government, without having a middleman.
They have to meet secretly and they move back to China and they serve a church there.
And to this day, you know, I'm not actually sure how well her family is doing or what the situation they're in, but because they took that leap of faith to do something daring for truth and for passion and for what they really cared about, that's where it's been very encouraging to me.
And then, of course, my family
being refugees from China to Taiwan after the Cultural Revolution.
There's so many figures in history that have gone through horrible times, but the legacy that they leave behind is truly powerful and truly encouraging that gives, you know,
us down the line when we meet horrible situations a hope to keep pushing and to keep staying to the truth and keep staying to the facts and the real science not statistics which can be manipulated and not cherry-picked facts but to really understand at the core what is going on and if it's not right
than to do something about it.
It doesn't have to be so blown up, such as speaking on a stage as Martin Luther King did in his later years, but small things as well, such as
You know, talking with your neighbors and smiling at random people that you see in the grocery stores just to elevate.
You know, there's, there's, it's a whole spectrum of things that can be done.
So I thought that was really nice.
And I also liked how you kind of did this compare and contrast between the Holocaust and the cultural revolution in China to the current COVID situation.
So we're supposed to look at history to learn about the future, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So we are coming around the hour, but I do have one last question for you, which is, um, so what are you planning to do now?
Um, we're coming around this end of the semester.
Are you graduated or, um, we continue to go for a professional degree?

[SPEAKER_00]
Sure.
Um, so I am at the university of Vermont now.
I have one semester left, so I'll graduate in the fall.
2023.
At this point, I am finishing up a book that I've been working on for about 10 years.
So my immediate goal and plan is just to finish and perhaps locally publish that novel.
And from there, I don't exactly know.
I'd like to keep writing in some capacity.
because that's always kind of been my way to process things going on and also to, I guess, express the things that are in my heart and in my soul.
So that is part of my future.
Other than that, for the fall semester, I am really interested in continuing to be part of
kind of anti-mandate conversation and finding a way to continue to open the conversation.
I'm sorry, I have a few ideas floating around that I'm sure if they happen, I will open up to anybody who'd like to join in.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, definitely keep me posted if you ever do, but this idea is into action.
I'd love to know and if there's any possible way.
I know it's just me tonight, but me and Tyson Mila would also love to hear and we can all work together as a team to just bring another side of the discussion to the floor and to, you know,
you know, have loved one or their fellow classmates and let them know that they can be heard as well and everyone's opinions matters.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we're coming around the hour.
So thank you so much for joining us tonight, Lauren, in moving the message forward.
Your letter to St. Michael's, your third letter, I should say.
Your third letter is posted in the description box so everyone can go and read it.
It was really well written and thank you so much for joining us tonight and for sharing your story.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you so much for having me.
Thank you for the opportunity.

[SPEAKER_01]
Alright, so thanks guys for joining us tonight and talking with me and Lauren.
If you found this episode helpful, please hit the thumbs up.
We can leave a comment and share with friends and family.
Thanks for watching.
Viewers are a fly of college edition and I hope to see you again in two weeks.
Good night, everyone.
