[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_15]
Pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork.
We have, we have, we have, we have, we have.
And go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so,
So-so-so-so-so.
Thank you.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[UNKNOWN]
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_13]
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_14]
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_01]
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_00]
Is this thing working?

[SPEAKER_15]
What?
What?
What?

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,

[SPEAKER_08]
What, what, what, what?

[SPEAKER_15]
So we have now four MIT undergrads here.
We have quadrupled.
Five.
Oh, my gosh.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, you guys too?
Oh, my gosh.

[SPEAKER_15]
That is so awesome.
This is never going to happen again, right?
Well, this will be worth it.
I have 250 slides, so I thought we would start on time.
So I'm going to have to talk really fast.
And if you blink, you'll miss it.
Hello?
It's not supposed to be routed back into the auditorium, you'd think.
This doesn't seem like a hard problem, right?
No.
Does anybody who is skilled in this particular area want to come and help out?
Oh, just from here to out.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_15]
So.

[SPEAKER_10]
students for open inquiry, and we want to get the dissenters and the heterodox speakers over here because MIT has a real lack of that.
And now it is time to restore MIT back to the land of curiosity and to the land where academic and intellectual freedom can flourish.
So many people have been saying that there's a problem with Kirsch.
He's a fraud.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
Let's see if that holds up tonight.
Welcome everybody.
I am Adam Dang.
I am the captain of this enterprise.
I am a senior in mathematics and AI.
Thank you.
As you can tell, I am not a specialist in AV equipment, so I do apologize that we had a little bit of problems there, but luckily it's all resolved.
This should be an auspicious moment.
Let's see what we can do here tonight.
So I'm very excited to present to you Spencer, my co-pilot.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you, everybody, for being here.
Thank you, Steve, for being here.
I'm Spencer Sinnerson.
I'm a freshman studying political science and management.
And so let's talk about what MSOI is.
And so I was founded to restore free expression and intellectual curiosity to the MIT campus.
That's the spirit of science.
A lot of scientific theories, like Darwin's evolution theory, was created.
They came to existence because scientists and theorists back in the days had the audacity to interact with heterodoxical views.
They went against the saddest quote.
Darwin went against the theory of using this use that prevailed the world back in the days.
And a lot of scientific thinkers
came out with breakthroughs, theories, inventions, because that, and that's why we're keen to restore this to MIT campus, the supposed epicenter of science and technology.

[SPEAKER_10]
You might know about the MIT Free Speech Alliance and other groups like that that have been working to restore some semblance of normality back to campuses as a place where
You can inquire about what you want and see if things hold up.
And one of our goals is we note that there is a lot of theory about what free speech can mean.
But there's not as much action on college campuses.
You rarely get the chance to really see these speakers on the would be fringe discuss their ideas.
And that's what we're here tonight to do.
One of the main goals of the MSOI
is to take the free speech theory and to give all the MIT community a dose of what it means to tackle intellectual heterodoxy and dissent.
So we are the action arm of those who want free speech.

[SPEAKER_01]
And to that end, we're platforming distance and heterodox co-speakers who have lost their platforms on
in the mainstream, in academia, in this world of rampant censorship, that's unacceptable.

[SPEAKER_10]
And I think that when you look at the political organizations that have sprung up, left-wing, right-wing, maybe they have a certain issue as their cause, that's one thing.
But we're MIT.
We are the greatest college on the planet.
So what do we do differently, right?
I think what we have as our advantage is a sense of curiosity.
Some people call us the goofy school.
And I'm goofy.
I've done some things in my past.
And I think that's the spirit we want.
But I think ultimately we're not here just to participate in the political divides or the questions of a zero.
Some game.
I think we're here to do more than that.
We're here to explore what can we achieve?
Where does our potential lie?
What is our purpose here?
So given the speakers that we've had, I think we're doing more than just, you know, I take this position on an issue and why that position is wrong.
We are also getting the entrepreneurs and the innovators in here to discuss how can we be the drivers of change?
Because it's all good if we have proclaimed leaders say they're going to do something for us, but one, they usually never do it, and two, what about us?
In our own lives, we got to be the change and we have to drive that forward.
And MSOI wants to make that happen.
We want to bring the ideas so that all of you can spark change in your own lives.
So it becomes clear now that since the start of 2020 to now, the vaccination issue, the lockdown issue and the mandates have not been discussed.
In fact, they have been swept under the rug.
So MSOI, we believe that this is a huge problem that has not been addressed at all.
People have just ignored it said, oh, you know what, it's in the past.
Don't worry about it.
But this cannot happen.
It is a travesty to the people.
And thus we declare as the MSOI that we condemn the censorship and the punishment of individuals who question the establishment narrative.
And this is especially true for the most recent destruction of our liberties.
The COVID narrative, the treatments, you know, we weren't allowed to talk about that.
You weren't allowed to question the lockdowns or the vaccines or to master any of that.
But tonight, this all changes.

[SPEAKER_01]
At MSOI, we believe that medical distance have the right to speak their minds.
They cannot be censored because no matter what smears are thrown at them,
anti-science, crank, ultra-crepidarean, or not knowing what they're talking about.
Science, like I said, it's all about inquiring about the status quo.
It's about the spirit of open inquiry and creativity.
And so, so-called health authorities are never infallible, and we have the right to speak our minds and interact with data, interact with all the stuff that's out there, and form real opinions.
And so people have the right to question the status quo.

[SPEAKER_10]
And I would also like to say something about the universities here who have been the most sensor happy and the most draconian in the restrictions.
We, the MSOI, we denounce these elite institutions, especially in the academic sphere, the universities and the governments, including MIT.
We got our lunch eaten by other colleges who are more happy to restore freedom.
Hillsville, I'm looking at you.
Anyways.
I think that we need to have a reckoning about these organizations and the universities, which have been more interested in establishing and strengthening a censorship complex around COVID and the other medical topics.
This has been going on for far too long and we are going to stop it.

[SPEAKER_01]
And we're calling upon all organizations, government entities, private entities, everybody,
who's engaged in sensorious practices, who's engaged in suppressing medical distance, suppressing free speech, to apologize for their malicious actions and intents.
And make no mistake, it's malicious.

[SPEAKER_10]
We don't know how many of them are actually going to apologize if they're just going to say that this was all a big mistake and put it behind them.
But the one thing that we do know is we have to take power back into our own hands.
If we say no, then we don't need to worry about whether or not they feel guilty for their actions.
If we can take our power back as we are doing tonight, we will be in prime position to control our destinies and be free as we wish.
I know he's an alum of MIT.
He invented the optical mouse.
So any gamers in here?
All right, we have a few.
You need to be thanking this man.
I own a privacy computer called the Libram 14.
The trackpad is a D minus.
So I need to use the optical mouse.
So Steve has been great on that side.
But there was really no organization, as I said at the beginning.
It's a bit tragic, really.
I mean, in February of 2022, Steve wrote to MIT, wrote to the chancellor, the president, and a few other key figures saying, hey, I donated $2.5 million to the auditorium.
I would like to come back and talk about why the COVID narrative has errors.
Nobody responded to him.
They all ignored him.
And there's one of two ways to get Steve to come to campus.
One of them is through a faculty sponsor, which none of them accepted.
The other one is to have a student group that will invite him in.
So we, as the MSOI, are very proud tonight to invite Steve Kirsch!

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay.
Is it safe?
what the record level data says.
I'm going to skip that.
I'm an MIT grad, as you know, class of 78, two degrees from MIT.
Former serial entrepreneur started a couple of billion dollar companies, was featured on 60 Minutes, written about 1,500 articles on my sub stack about vaccine safety.
And today I'm the world's number one misinformation spider according to Google.
If you type in,
If you type in misinformation super spreader into Google, I am the top hit.
So it is nice to be the best in the world at something.
I have to admit, this wasn't what I planned on being the best in the world at, but hey, it's good to be the best in the world at something.
Now, the benefits for being a misinformation spreader, which means you are calling for data transparency and you're just looking for the truth,
is that you have lifetime bans on LinkedIn, Medium, Twitter, two lifetime bans, Wikipedia, a strip of National Caring Award on my Wikipedia page.
The friends abandon you, country club won't take you, corporate boards tell you to shut up or leave, your scientific advisory boards quits and mess, and so on and so forth.
And the final thing is that MIT will not let you speak in your own auditorium because they couldn't find a faculty sponsor.
You know, I remember that I was class of 78.
Do you remember this movie, National Lamper's Animal House?
And who can forget the scene in the stables where it says we have an old saying in Delta, don't get mad, get even.
So this is my night.
This is the alternate title for today's talk, which is Revenge of the Nerd.
That nerd is me.
And the following presentation has been approved for no audiences by the CDC and the FDA.
It is rated M for misinformation.
And most of the material may be considered extremely unsafe.
Okay, I just wanted to make sure.
So, if this isn't suitable, you should leave now, right?
OK, so let's now we actually have some MIT undergrads in the audience.
So I'm going to teach a short class here, 6.123, which is Vaccine Safety 101.
This is my first lecture.
It's called The Basics.
There are seven slides, and it's a 12-unit course.
OK, and I am Professor Kirsch.
Thank you very much.
This is the first slide.
Now, I'm not going to go through these slides in detail, but the main thing here is that if you plot the deaths per day.
since injection of a vaccine and you look at the and you plan the x-axis is that's the horizontal axis is the days after injection what should happen in a safe vaccine that is given to a finite cohort and then you look to see what happens is that the line should slope downwards over time.
And the more elderly the population is, the greater the downward slope.
If it's a normal population, it'll slope at 0.8% per year is the downward slope.
But it always slopes downwards.
And sometimes it can go up and down if there's something happening in the background and you're not giving the vaccine over all time evenly.
So that's a safe vaccine.
Line slopes down.
It never slopes up, it always slopes down.
This is the most important slide.
If you get this slide, we're done.
Okay?
This is the laws of physics.
If I drop this, it's going to fall down.
It never falls up.
I can drop this many, many times.
It will never go up.
It will always go down.
It's the same thing for people dying.
People die.
They don't suddenly spring from the dead.
OK, that's just the way it works.
This is physics.
We're at MIT.
Here's the cheat sheet.
This is the simple thing.
The line should always go down.
Get it?
Okay, good.
By the way, these slides are posted on my sub-stack.
If you don't understand any of these slides, you can go back and study them.
A safe and effective vaccine before and after.
If it really works and is effective, the wine is slightly lower, but it still slopes down.
And the fluctuations for a particular virus will be smaller if the vaccine worked.
This is the sign of a vaccine which is effective.
Now, this is going to be news to people who work at the CDC.
I'm only on slide two.
But nobody who works at the CDC understands this slide.
Can you believe that?
Yeah, I can believe it.
OK, now there's something called the temporal healthy vaccine effect.
And it's gone after 21 days.
We've never seen it happen after 21 days.
I've asked these people who say, oh, a healthy vaccine effect cannot last for years.
And I say, show me evidence of that.
They never do.
I've never seen the healthy vaccine effect happen for more than 21 days.
And what this is is that they don't give the vaccine to people who are going to die tomorrow.
or people who are going to die today after tomorrow, because they're going to die.
And a lot of people, they know that they're going to die in the next 10 days.
So they don't bother giving a vaccine, because why would you vaccinate them?
In this case, people would vaccinate people who were going to die in two days because they're afraid of catching COVID from someone who's going to die in two days.
So the healthy vaccine effect for COVID is actually smaller.
It's more compressed than the normal effect.
But there is an effect, OK?
And you'll see that in the curbs.
And the other thing you'll see in these curves is this red line here, which is running, you run out of time to die.
Now, that doesn't mean that everybody's rushing to die before the time goes out.
You know, it's because these studies always end at a certain time period.
You have your observation time window and then you give the dose over, say, the first year, and then you look at the second year to see what happened.
So after 365 days, it starts going down because people simply can't live that long because the study was compressed.
And the other thing you'll see in this is something called 50% of the people leaving for dose three.
So people who got shot two, a lot of these people were duped into taking shot number three, half the people.
So it's like half the people have IQs under 100 and half
Okay, so anyway, so half the people, it turns out, went for dose three.
And so you can see that, so the line, if you looked at the desk per day, it's gonna start dropping as people go and leave the cohort.
And so if you're just plotting desk per day, it's gonna go down by 50% if half the people leave, okay?
And then I'm going to slightly confuse you and talk about mortality rate.
Mortality rate is the desperate 100k person years.
So it's not per day, it's person years.
And so that curve tends to remain flat.
You have that healthy vaccine effect, but then you have a flat curve, and then it starts getting noisy at the end because you're running out of mandays and deaths, and it just becomes erratic.
Okay, so any questions?
Okay, great.
So we have no questions, so I'm going to just move on.
We don't have time for questions, but we'll have time for questions after the talk.
So MIT professor Robert Langer did not want to see the data.
Oh, sorry, MIT Institute professors.
They're only like 12 Institute professors.
This guy's at the top of his class.
He has an H index of like 317, which is completely off the charts.
I mean, this guy's academically the smartest guy in the world, or one of the smartest guys in the world.
His papers have been read by more people than
virtually anyone.
I asked him, I said, do you want to see the data that I'm going to show tonight that I'm going to show all of you tonight?
And so I wrote him and I left my phone number and I wrote him about it maybe half a dozen times and I left phone calls and the students visited his lab to make sure he knew about it.
He did not respond.
Now, do you know why he didn't respond?
He had COVID, no, no.
If he sees the data, he has a duty as a board member of Moderna to immediately stop the shots.
That's why these people will not, cannot under any circumstances ever see what I'm about to show you today.
If you were to walk up to them and show them the data, they would like run the other way or call the cops on you.
They are not allowed to see this data because if they did, they'd have a fiduciary responsibility to stop the shots.
Well, it's actually criminal liability is the more important thing.
He could be held criminally liable if they don't stop the shots once he knows that they're killing people.
So this is why none of these people ever want to see the data that I'm showing you.
This will never be shown at the CDC or FDA.
This will never appear in the New York Times.
This will never appear on any media.
No media will cover this because otherwise they're going to have to stop the shots.
So it's just you people in the room and a couple of people watching on the live stream.
Now, remember, the PREP Act only protects you from civil liability, not criminal liability.
This is why they can't afford to see any of this data that I'm showing you tonight.
Now, they basically have to act if they know if there are kill shots.
So, Moderna and Pfizer were asked by a prominent medical journalist
If they wanted to see the data and they said, no, we don't want to see any of the data.
That's the way it works.
Now, does anybody want to take their place in defending the vaccine tonight?
I asked this earlier, didn't get any volunteers.
Anybody?
Okay, seeing none, I'm going to move on.
What?
We have a guy?
Are you serious?
You would.
Oh, you would, okay.
So, okay, well, I'm gonna, great, great.
Okay, so I'm gonna have you come up here after, I'm gonna do my presentation and then you're gonna explain it to us.
Okay.
So I'm going to show you some data from Medicare.
Medicare is the gold standard data.
And I'm going to show you this data that has never before been made public.
And it's the same time period for all these graphs.
We're looking at the same time period, the same population.
The only thing that's different is the vaccine.
Okay, that's kind of the control group.
Okay, this is a pneumococcal vaccine.
This is your typical unsafe vaccine.
I have never met a vaccine that was safe.
I'm still looking.
So pneumococcal, not a safe vaccine.
And the reason is that little dot up there,
over my head, where on day zero it kills a ton of people.
This may look like a small number, but this is basically a ton of people.
This means it is a very unsafe vaccine.
A safe vaccine is only supposed to kill somewhere on the order of one person per million shots.
This thing you can clearly see on day zero is killing a ton of people.
And in fact, the flu shots do the same thing.
And so when we talk about there's a lot of seasonal death in the elderly, I wonder if it's the flu shots causing the seasonal death in the elderly.
Nobody ever looks at that.
And I did a calculation.
And there are actually more people who die from the flu shot itself than who die from the flu.
The vaccine is killing more people than the disease.
So anyway, this is pneumococcal.
It falls 11% over 365 days.
You can see it's a straight line.
It's just like I taught you in the earlier lecture.
See what I teach you is actually happens in practice.
It's even a Poisson distribution.
6041, right?
So these dots have effectively this noise.
So if you look at the standard deviation in calculus standard deviation, you'll find that it's the same as a Poisson distribution because the Poisson distribution, the variance is equal to the mean.
You all knew that, right?
OK, good.
How many people knew that?
Okay, good.
Awesome.
Okay.
So now this vaccine is a very unsafe vaccine.
The slope goes up monotonically for 365 days straight.
This is unprecedented.
I have a leaker in HHS who has never seen anything like this before in her life.
And she does this every single day.
This is like if I were to drop this, it would go up.
It's not supposed to happen.
What this means is that it means the vaccines are killing people.
They're not helping people.
They are killing people.
All you need is this one chart.
You don't need a control group.
You don't need to adjust for confounders.
You don't need any of that stuff.
This one chart is the death shot for this vaccine, and it has all been in plain sight in Medicare since the beginning of the vaccination program.
It's just that nobody wants to look at the Medicare data and the CDC hides it from sight.
Going up 26% instead of going down by at least 5% or more for the Medicare audience is a net difference of a 31% over one year period.
That is astronomical.
This is a killing machine that should be stopped immediately.
And they've had the data the whole time.
This is Medicare.
This is the population that was supposed to be protected by the shots.
And instead, the shots are killing people.
There is no doubt about this.
It didn't save anyone.
It killed people.
No doubt about it.
None whatsoever.
It should be labeled generally regarded as unsafe.
That acronym doesn't even exist for vaccines because they're always safe, even though they're not.
But these things should be, the COVID vaccines especially, but the other vaccines as well, should be growl, generally regarded as unsafe.
And Harvey Risch said, well, I'd like to see the other shots as well.
And so Harvey Risch is a famous epidemiologist.
He's one of the top epidemiologists in the United States as well as the world.
And so I showed him the choice.
He says, OK, I'm convinced.
So this just shows this was not a fluke.
This happens on dose one, dose two, and dose three.
And I don't have data for dose four.
It goes up.
WTF.
What the crap.
It goes up.
It's supposed to slope down.
Goes up.
And I wrote this.
I found this out back February 25th, 2023.
I wrote an article.
I said, game over.
Medicare data shows the COVID vaccines increase your risk of dying.
I mean, this is like not new news.
February.
What are we in now?
I mean, it's almost like a year later.
These people don't read my sub-stack.
You know my sub-stack is, if you try to click on my sub-stack, if you work at the CDC and you try to click over on my sub-stack, it says this webpage is regarded as unsafe.
I'm not kidding.
So do you know why they never spotted any of these safety signals?
Because, yeah, I mean, well, you know, they're looking for something that kills you immediately, right?
Because most of these vaccines, they kill you immediately, you know, like these pneumococcal, right?
They, it kills you immediately.
And then it slows you down.
So they're looking for, did it kill you in the first week or two weeks?
No, it must be safe.
They're looking for that.
Joe Lattapo in Florida did this self-control case study, case series.
He's looking and comparing the deaths in the first like, I don't know, was it 30 days or whatever versus the next 30 days.
And he's saying, oh, you know, if it really works, it's gonna be lower in the first 30 days.
And he found it was.
And so he said, wow, this thing is safe.
No, Joe, slope goes the wrong way.
That's the way the slope goes.
It's just killing people in a way that we have never seen before.
Unprecedented way.
That's why they're looking for this and that's why they never found this.
And I'm as guilty as this because I did something called a ratio analysis and I was confused because, man, these people, I looked at how they were dying.
And I said, well, if it's unsafe vaccine, then if I look at the time to die for anyone, if they die at a certain day, I want to find out where in the dates that they could die did they fall?
Were more than half of them dying in the first half versus the second half of the time period left to die?
a little hard to explain here, but basically it was like, it was weird.
I was seeing that, wow, these vaccines look safe.
And so even I was fooled because I didn't realize that the curve was weighted such that you're dying six months to a year after you got the shot, and that's how it killed people.
So even I was fooled.
Now, this is the most damaging Medicare curve I have seen so far.
Now these are people who got exactly two shots.
Not three shots, not four shots.
They got exactly two shots.
And so the reason why this is so deadly
is because what happens is, remember I taught you earlier in our course, I said, you know, if 50% abandoned for the next dose, the thing's gonna go down and it's gonna drop to 50%.
So you can see this baseline level here, baseline two, that is at 200 deaths per day.
So that means, because 50% of them left, that means the baseline, original baseline's 400.
You just double 200 because you have twice as many people.
And look, all those things, they're above the baseline from like, it starts above the baseline and keeps going higher and higher and higher.
There's no doubt.
Once again, confirming it.
And of course, my favorite is the anecdotes.
And the scientists always say, oh, anecdotes, the plural of anecdote is anecdotes, and it's not data.
Bullshit.
In a world where information is being withheld or distorted, anecdotes are often the best source of truth.
Let me give you an example.
Jay Bonner, a 57-year-old high-tech executive.
15 friends died unexpectedly post-facts.
All the dead were vaxxed.
Prior to the vaxx rollout, Jay had one unexpected death in over 30 years.
And four of the 15 people who died died within 24 hours of the vaccine and three of the four were under 30.
Within 24 hours of the vaccine.
Like, hello?
Now, let's do your Poisson survival function on essentially it's 14 because it's of the way the Poisson survival function works.
So it's 14 comma like 0.1.
So expecting 0.1 in a period and you got 14, which is 7 times 10 to the minus 28, which means this is not something that we didn't get just getting unlucky here.
Okay.
There's something going on.
The vaccine killed his friends.
guaranteed.
That's the only way this can happen.
Now, the other thing is that 15 of his friends died from the vaccine and zero his friends died from COVID.
But COVID is supposed to kill way more than the vaccine.
I mean, the vaccine is supposed to be round here compared to the, you know, COVID.
Well, he's got the, he's got the reverse.
Well, okay, but so you can do this, sort of the Poisson, a cumulative distribution function and essentially look at it the other way.
Essentially you're expecting at least 15 COVID deaths that he should have gotten to match and he got zero.
What are the chances of that?
Yeah, pretty small.
So essentially what this tells us is mathematically, from just this one anecdote,
There's no way that it couldn't be anything less than the cure was far worse than the disease.
This vaccine was far worse than COVID.
It created deaths.
It didn't save anyone.
And the thing is that I always trust the math, because the math never lies.
Poisson distributions never lie.
It's not like science.
Science is, you know, people can say, well, you know, I think this and think that.
We got the theory and it changes.
Poisson distributions never change.
You know, you can't beat that.
Okay, now there's this famous quote from Eric Rubin, he's the editor-in-chief of New England Journal of Medicine.
He's on the FDA committee.
He's an adjunct professor of immunology and infectious disease Harvard University.
This guy's an expert, right?
Can't get any better than this.
We're never going to learn about how safe the vaccines are until we start giving it.
You know, he said this.
This is not on this, like, not out of context.
This is legit stuff.
And he's right, because the clinical trials are too small to find these vaccine effects that happen in smaller numbers than would be detected in these trials.
So we now have the safety data, right?
And one small problem, of course, is that normally in public health has ever taken, ever looked at it very seriously, right?
They've never released the record level data.
For any vaccine, no country has ever done that.
In the entire world, no state has ever done that.
Nobody has released the record level data.
So we can look at it, we can look at it either, because it's not there.
We can't, they're not looking at it.
They could like it, but they're not.
And they're not releasing it to us.
So we can't look at it either.
And that's me.
I was an unhappy camper until I got this data.
And then I was like, I was like, singing ding dong to which is dead after I got the data.
So nobody can ever figure out the ground truth about any vaccine or any pharmaceutical, because they're always hiding the data.
And I'm the guy calling for data transparency, but nobody's listening to me.
So all that changed for me on November 9th, 2023.
I have a Wasabi server, and somebody uploaded the data to my Wasabi server in the cloud.
And it was a whistleblower in New Zealand.
He works for the Ministry of Health.
And I know his name.
I'm one of the very few people in the world he has revealed his identity to.
He uploaded the data.
I know that he's legit.
I know he works at the Ministry of Health, and I know that data is legit because I examined the individual data records themselves to verify that the data is legit, and I ran a whole series of statistical tests on the data.
And the data is legit.
This was also released just a day earlier by
the people involved in this, and they called it Operation MOAR, the mother of all revelations.
Because this record level data has never been released by anyone ever before.
This is the first time in world history
where we can actually see the record level data released from a country.
That is stunning.
And now we know why they don't release it.
Now, would you like to see that video?
It's an hour video.
But, and it was posted to YouTube, but in less than five minutes, less than five minutes,
YouTube took down the video because it violated community standards.
The community standards say you shall not speak about the truth about the vaccine.
You have to lie.
You have to tell people it's safe and effective.
If you don't do that, you're violating community standards and they remove your video from YouTube even though you're trying to save lives.
Because YouTube is not interested in saving lives, they are interested in promoting a false narrative that is killing people.
And anyone who works for YouTube should be ashamed of themselves and they should quit their job.
And if you want to know what I really think, talk to me afterwards.
You can watch it on Rumble.
OK. And these slides, all of them have hyperlinks, so you can check it out.
These slides were posted to my sub stack at 6 PM when I started the talk.
So you can download a PDF version.
You can watch it on Google and so forth.
So we now have the data.
We have the data that nobody was supposed to see.
And it's now available for anyone in the world to download from my Wasabi server.
And not only that, today only, I am throwing in for free.
For free, the data analysis tools that you need to be able to analyze this for yourself in five minutes.
So you don't have to take my word for it because I'm just a misinformation super spreader.
You can do it yourself.
You get the original data, which we have obfuscated so that we don't get into trouble, right?
It's all here but compliant.
But we preserved all of the fidelity of the data so that we have shifted things such that the statistics are identical even though no record matches anything about any of the people in it.
So we preserve privacy, but we also expose the truth.
Okay, so this is record level data and that means there's an individual record for every person.
It's official government data.
This is gold standard data.
This is ground zero data and the Ministry of Truth.
Oh, sorry, the Ministry of Health in New Zealand.
cannot say that this is fraudulent data or that this is not the data from their database.
If they do that, they will be digging themselves into a hole which will lead to criminal prosecution of the people that lie about this.
This is not something they are going to be able to tell a fact checker and claim that this was not real data.
And it doesn't get any better than this.
I told you, revenge of the nerd.
You don't want to mess with an MIT electrical engineering master of science degree.
This is what it's MIT is all about, is to enable people like me
who are critical thinkers to go and use the skills that I learned at MIT 6041.
I had Al Drake as my teacher and actually apply those skills to solving real world problems.
And so for a professional misinformation spreader such as myself, this data is the Rosetta Stone.
It unlocked all the mysteries.
I thought maybe the Medicare data was confounded somehow.
I mean, it's like, well, all these people are telling me it's safe and effective, and I'm crazy and all this.
Nope.
I'm not at all.
We can statistically prove now whether a vaccine is safe or not from record level data.
And the results are objective and easy to interpret.
Does the slope go up?
or to go down.
It's really easy, up or down.
It's not that complicated.
Now, have you ever wondered why it's always kept hidden, right?
It's basically that New Zealand record level data shows about the COVID vaccine.
It's not pretty, you know, 13 million people have been killed worldwide.
That's what it shows.
13 million people were killed worldwide by the COVID vaccines.
Who are the perpetrators?
It's the governments.
You know, President Biden, he's got 675,000 Americans blood on his hands.
And they did it for no benefit.
It wasn't like it saved any lives either.
It didn't save any hospitalizations.
No benefit whatsoever.
With one exception, it did provide immunity for the pharmaceutical companies.
That is the only immunity it provided is for the pharma companies.
The shots mean it more likely you would die if you were elderly, which is the very population that the shots were designed to protect.
Now, a safe vaccine, as I said, should have this, you know, flat curve that goes downwards.
This is actually the, this is the flu shot.
Look at that.
We see the same pattern for day zero deaths, and the flu shots aren't sloping down like they should.
They should have started sloping down on day 21.
Look at those flu shots.
Now, that's, that's a problem, but, you know, nobody looks at the flu shots.
They all assume safe and effective, like, you know, like our, um, pneumococcal.
That's what it should look like, except for that one little, whoops, not safe dot.
In fact, if we could get rid of that one little dot in the pneumococcal, it'd actually be a safe vaccine.
I don't know if it works, but it passes the safe test.
It looks like a safe vaccine.
COVID vaccine, epic fail.
This is the New Zealand data.
Nobody's ever seen this before.
This is the estimated baseline.
This is what people should be normally in this cohort dying at.
And look at what happens.
It goes up and then it goes down.
Now this is averaged over five doses.
OK, so this is the average effect.
So each dose is going to have a different response curve.
We saw what the response curve was for dose one.
It went up for 12 months.
So this is the combined response curve from the New Zealand data showing you what happens.
And it is not pretty.
It is killing people.
And at the end, when we get to time 80 weeks since the shot, we're starting to get into noise because we run out of data.
We run out of time to die, essentially.
So the numerator becomes small, the denominator becomes small, and that creates these large errors.
Because 0 divided by 0 is either 0 or it's infinity.
So could anything be happening in the background to explain this?
Because this is what people wonder about.
Well, maybe there's some explanation for things going up and up and up for 365 days monotonically.
Maybe there is.
There is no possible way.
This is with a silent F.
No possible way that that could be the case.
And I have looked at this thing.
I have my dashboard.
It's in the v3 spreadsheet here in the dashboard.
You can see the dashboard.
The upper graphs are the independent variables.
The y-axis, of course, is the dependent variable.
And I look at the actual mortality rates for the four different independent variables.
And then below, I actually show the number of deaths so you can see whether you're going to have confidence in the data above.
So with these eight charts, you can tell exactly what's going on.
This is my dashboard.
And then I spend hours changing the variables.
I say, well, let's look at those three.
Let's look at those four.
Let's look at under 60.
Let's look at over 60.
Lots of interesting stuff there.
So under 60-year-olds, what we see, flat depth curve.
Hey, it looks like a safe vaccine for under 60.
It's not, but we just don't have enough data to get the resolution on that.
And there's that, the data anomaly at the very beginning because of the properties of the data that we got.
We only got people who are vaccinated and we only got it when they got their first vaccine.
And so people ramped up.
We didn't get a nice curve that starts on a specific time.
So that's why we have that data strangeness there.
And then 80 to 90 year olds, you can see the slope goes up.
So if you're elderly, you don't want to get these shots.
And if you're a young person, you don't want to get the shots either because we just don't have enough resolution to show you just because we don't have enough young people dying.
But it shows us a control group because it says that we got the right calculation because we're getting a constant death rate, right, for the young, because the young are less affected by this vaccine.
The vaccine primarily kills elder people, and that's why we got this constant
Right, so we have confidence.
This gives us confidence in our tools, that the tools worked and also the data is correct, that there's nothing wrong.
You know, we would have seen something weird if any of these things were broken.
So it's another quality control thing that you can look at.
So there are artifacts and we talked about that.
So here's the killer.
Everybody says, oh, Steve, you're a misinformation spreader and you're an engineer and you're not a doctor and you don't know statistics.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right.
You know, whatever.
So here's a guy who knows statistics.
This guy is the worst enemy.
for the health authorities.
This guy, Norman Fenton, is professor of statistics and information risk and information management in Queen's Mary University of London.
And he is the only guy in the world who discovered that the UK data was bogus.
And he wrote a letter to the UK Office of National Statistics saying, you're wrong, your stats are wrong.
And they said, you're right.
So this guy is the biggest enemy of the state because he's a true teller and he understands math.
There you go.
And it was acknowledged by the ONS.
Nobody else in the world has those credentials.
So this guy is the top dog.
And he said there is now no doubt the vaccine is increasing the mortality rate of older people.
the very population it was meant to serve.
So you don't have to take my word for it anymore, folks.
Norman Fenton has said it, and nobody can challenge that guy.
Nobody in the world.
That's all right.
Nobody will debate him.
Even better, Harvey Rich
Harvey Rish has an H index of 110.
There are very few people in the world with an H index of over
or anywhere close to 110.
What this means is that you have published 110 papers that have 110 citations or more.
This is asymptomically harder and harder to achieve as the numbers go up.
It's easy to achieve an h-index of six or seven.
And like what I have, it's very hard to get into the hundreds.
Very few people in the world ever get into the hundreds.
And if he wrote on more popular subjects, his age index would be even higher.
This guy is one of the top epidemiologists in the world, and he's also one of the top epidemiologists, of course, in the United States.
And what he said, in way too many words, because this is how they talk.
You know, if there was a mass shooting,
and everybody died.
The epidemiologists would say, well, let's look at confounders and we have to have the medical history of everybody who died and, you know, let's run some analysis, Cox regression, you know, survival analysis, hazard ratio analysis on these people and, you know, we can't really say for sure whether they were killed by the gunmen.
You know, I mean, this is how they talk.
Okay.
What he said is,
You've made a very strong case.
In other words, your case is airtight.
I'm going to translate for you.
He says, appreciably increased mortality rates.
OK, what he means is mortality rates are off the charts, but I have to say, I have to tone it down.
And then he says, I was not aware of actual evidence that the increased mortality that you've been shown has a different cause.
In other words, it's a slam dunk.
It was the vaccine, but I just can't say that.
I hope that translation was helpful from science to what they really mean because that's the way it goes.
He has to talk in funny language like that.
Because otherwise, his peers say, no, you can't say that.
OK.
So the question is by how much?
And so we can now use this New Zealand data to make that calculation.
And when I did that, I found on average for all the doses, 216 excess deaths per 100k person years.
And if you assume that there are normally two doses of vaccine per year,
Because everybody's upping, getting it every six months.
This is a crude estimate.
So it turns out that if you do that and you realize two doses per person a year and do the math, the answer is one excess death per 1,000 doses.
So if there were 675 million doses given in the US, that means 675,000 people died in the US.
If there are 13 billion doses given worldwide, it means 13 million people died worldwide, and they were killed by the vaccine.
I see we lost our MIT students.
Yeah, gotta go.
OK. Yeah, OK.
Okay, great.
We'll talk later.
Okay, the killed estimate, 13 million people worldwide, 675,000 Americans.
Ethical skeptic looked at survey data, estimated 1.39 million XSSS in the U.S., far larger than I, so he used a different method.
And the same thing, of course, is happening in other countries.
Dennis Rancourt estimated not 13 million people died, but 17 million people died.
So he's getting the same numbers.
We're basically in the same ballpark.
We're basically kind of rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic.
The UK ONS date, if you look at the all-cause mortality significantly higher in the vaccinated for 20 consecutive months.
Pretty stunning.
This data has been out there.
And if you plot it, you'll see that, look at that upward slope, upward slope over time.
So as people are getting these vaccines, they're dying at a higher and higher rate over time.
Isn't that stunning?
UKONS has never plotted this.
Somebody who basically thinks I'm wrong sent this to me and I said, great, I'm gonna be using this slide in my presentation because it shows
the upward slope and it slows upward and then it slows downward just like you saw in the New Zealand data.
And look what happened in the Philippines.
Vax deaths were five times the COVID deaths.
Okay, in the Philippines, excess deaths skyrocketed right after the vaccine went out.
There was nothing, no excess deaths prior to the vaccine.
And look what happened in the Philippines.
They have an investigation going now.
And this is from my friend Ben at US Mortality
And he wrote on Twitter, it's as clear as it gets.
Flatline, in terms of excess deaths, they roll out the vaccine and voila.
Man, it just peaks right up there, doesn't it?
And of course, I did some surveys of my readers and found that the vaccine killed three and a half times more Americans than the COVID virus.
So this is all consistent with the data you've seen before.
You can do your own surveys on Twitter.
sounds too hard to believe but you know this is the result of the survey that I did and the thing about my followers is that they're pretty much unvaccinated and their families are unvaccinated too so this is their vaccinated
And this was asking about a lost family member due to COVID or the vaccines.
And these people are under-vaccinated, right?
Because they're my followers.
They don't believe in vaccines.
So they're under-vaccinated and yet look at the numbers.
And they have no incentive to lie on this.
Here's the United States Medicare.
We saw this before.
This is the Maldives.
I have record level data from the Maldives.
Same thing.
Climes up after you give the shot.
climbs up.
Oh, and this is my favorite.
Israeli data.
This is from the Israeli Ministry of Health.
So let's look at the baseline calculation for Israel.
How many people die in Israel a day?
It's 28.4 people died per day in Israel.
I asked Bard, because I wanted to have a neutral source.
And Bard is very what we call blue-pilled.
Bard thinks the vaccines are safe.
So if you do a Bard query, it'll say about the vaccine.
And here are the results of breakdown in terms of the age group.
So 65 plus, those are the people who are more likely to die.
It's 83.7%, but that's as of 2023.
So we're gonna take it by 83%, 28.4 deaths is basically around an estimate of 23.5 deaths per day.
That's what the red line represents.
Look what happens.
In the first 60 days in Israel, this is record level data from Israel summarized by the Israeli Ministry of Health.
This has been publicly available for a long time on the internet.
Look what happens to the death count in Israel.
And look what happens in the first seven months after Dostoe is given.
The peak is 3.8 times from the baseline and nobody notices except for me.
This has been in public views since March 7th, 2023, when MIT professor Retzeth Levy posted it on Twitter.
Nobody cares how many people the vaccine kills or injures the medical community.
does whatever they're told to do.
They are incapable of independent thought, and this is proof of it.
It does not matter how many people die.
If the medical community is told by the CDC that the vaccines are safe, the vaccines are safe, and it doesn't matter how many people have to die, the vaccines are safe, and they will continue to recommend them, otherwise they will be stripped of the licenses.
They don't want to lose their job, and they don't want to lose their board certifications, and so they remain silent while the killing happens, and even the whistleblowers.
You know, I get these messages saying, so and so, yeah, and they're seeing all this stuff, but they don't want to go on record because they need their job.
So they're keeping their mouth shut.
Dr. Peter McCullough didn't keep his mouth shut.
He's one of my heroes.
He's one of the top cardiologists in the world, and he just had his board certification revoked for saying that the COVID vaccines are killing people.
He had his board certification revoked because he told the truth.
Here's the letter telling him, unless he wins his appeal, his board certification so he can practice medicine is revoked because he has been saying the truth.
That's why people don't speak out.
Here's another courageous, this US Navy medical officer spoke out, heart failure is up by 973% in the military.
That is, that's a train wreck.
I mean, the words cannot describe this.
So they tell their superiors, and the superior says, OK, no problem.
We'll continue to give the shots.
They don't change.
They do whatever they're told.
It doesn't matter how many people need to die.
Now, if this, there are two figures here.
One's the top showing what actually happened.
Okay, the other figure below it is what was supposed to happen if the vaccines worked.
See the difference?
Big difference.
The debate's over.
I'm gonna, I guess we can just check in here to see how we're doing on the polls, because we asked if the COVID vaccines are safe.
If you voted,
before, and you want to change your vote.
You can do so now.
The polls are open, and I'm going to flip over here and see how we're doing.
Maybe some people, I've convinced people the vaccines are safe.
So let's present here.
And it looks like we got some people on our side, but we got 3% leaning safe now.
Isn't that interesting?
Oh, people are changing.
Okay, so we're moving, we're still got some stragglers there.
Okay, so I'm gonna flip off of this.
Let's go back and I'm doing my best.
I'm trying to show the data.
Maybe they're waiting to download the data so they can see it themselves.
Okay, so
My opposition doesn't want to talk about it at all.
The $10 million offers to get them to show up here.
Langer was offered $10 million.
I donated $10 million to MIT.
Wouldn't show up for that.
You know why?
And he could have named a team of people to appear in his place.
Instead, he chose to ignore it.
And he didn't even give me the courtesy of a response.
I went to Moderna.
I went to the, because I'm in the press, I'm a journalist, so I contacted the press liaison.
I left a message on her cell phone.
I know who she is.
I left many messages on her cell phone saying, hey, do you want to defend your vaccine?
And the answer was nothing, no response, just as you expected.
You know what these are, crickets.
That's what I got.
100k reward.
I even offered any scientist in the world 100k to come here and if you convinced people you were right, you'd win 100k.
Nobody wanted to challenge me live.
And I even opened it up to the anti-anti-vaxxers.
So these are the people who say that I'm wrong.
And I said, if any of you want to come here and challenge me live, I'm opening up the offer to them and none of them wanted to.
reply.
And so I wrote Pierre Corrie a message saying, it's so expensive to find someone to debate you nowadays, isn't it?
And he wrote back agreed.
Isn't that stunning?
Now if the CDC was honest, here are the ads that they should be running.
COVID-19 vaccines increase your risk for infection, serious disease and death.
We made a mistake.
We shouldn't have recommended it.
People got the shot.
Sorry about that.
Where is the apologies?
And it should say all vaccines are unsafe and Andrew Wakefield was right.
And I hope I will live long enough
to see this ad being promoted by the CDC.
I may have to live to a thousand years old before I see that.
Okay, so the New Zealand data is 4 million records, 33% of all vaccine records in New Zealand, there are 12 million vaccine records.
It's vaccinated people only, dead or alive.
So anybody who got a vaccine, if they died, it's recorded, if they're living.
I personally authenticated all of this.
And this is my favorite.
Even the most vocal supporters of the vaccine.
concede that the New Zealand data is highly accurate.
So here it is, folks.
The real truth-er.
It doesn't get any better than this.
The real truth-er, my arch nemesis that if I go into his room, I can't even get a word in edgewise.
He's like, what about Sweden?
Let's talk about Sweden.
And he will not let you talk.
But I caught him in a tweet.
He says, New Zealand tracked data very accurately with a capital V-E-R-Y.
So this guy is basically saying that data is legit.
There's nothing better than this.
This is from the guy who's promoting the vaccine.
He's admitting to New Zealand data is they tracked it very accurately.
You don't get any better than this, folks.
This is as good as it gets.
Now, here's what the headlines are saying.
New Zealand records the biggest increase in registered deaths in 100 years.
Alarming acceleration in New Zealand, excess deaths, latest official figures up 70% on last year.
Does that sound like a safe vaccine?
60 year olds fail.
This is the New Zealand data over time, death rate over time.
For dose two, dose three, and dose four.
We have less info on dose four.
For seven year olds, dose two, dose three, dose four.
For 80-year-olds, those two, those three, those four.
For 90-year-olds, those two, those three, those four.
For all ages, those two, those three, those four.
The curves should be flat.
Does anybody think those curves are flat?
Okay, because if you did think the curves are flat, there's a job for you and the CDC in the safety department.
They are looking for people just like you if you thought they were flat.
And then we have our sanity check where we looked at calendar months and it's a thought line for people under 60.
So, was it caused by the vaccine?
You know, because they always say, oh, it's a confounder and we have to look at, you know, 60 different variables.
We have to look at the ages.
We have to look at whether they have diabetes.
We have to look at whether they have heart disease, da, da, da.
No, you don't need to do any of that.
There's no other viable alternative.
It meets all of Bradford Hill criteria.
Nothing else could cause such a change.
Here are the five Bradford Hill criteria, and it meets the consistency, strength of association, specificity, temporal relation, and biologic plausibility.
In other words, is it plausible that we could massively increase the death rate if we injected you with a poison?
The answer is yes.
That could do it.
That could massively increase it over time.
I mean, you know, that's what it's about.
Big picture, massive increase in all-cause mortality.
This is Robert Malone.
He's credited as inventing the technology behind these mRNA vaccines.
And he has been a vocal critic of these vaccines, even though he has patents on the underlying technology.
And he says basically it's not 14 million lives saved like they projected, but over 17 million dead from the mRNA COVID vaccine.
Another Twitter quote, I'm going to skip and go fast here because I'm getting short of time.
This is from Ed Dowd.
Here's a graph.
And these are of malignant neoplasm of the breasts.
In other words, cancer of the breast, cancer of the brain, blah, blah, blah.
And you can see how these things are going up dramatically after the vaccine rollout.
And embalmers, it's totally upside down.
Embalmers used to rarely see clots.
It was like 10 or 15%.
Now they rarely see someone without a clot who dies.
It's the other way around.
It's like 80% have clots.
The world has turned upside down.
And the CDC, of course, will say that there's no evidence of harm because they refuse to investigate or view any of these adverse event data that is found by these people.
And so the bottom line is four facts you need to know about the COVID vaccine.
It increases your risk of infection.
It will not do anything to your risk of hospitalization from COVID.
It is completely, it's a zero on that.
It will increase your risk of death from COVID and it will also increase your risk of death from all cause mortality.
Who would take a shot like this?
There's probably, there's one person in the audience who would, but most people shouldn't.
Nobody should be getting any of these shots.
Nobody.
There's no, like, kids aren't dying.
Now, here's the thing.
Why aren't we told this?
It's a systemic defect.
The CDC does not have the record level data.
So they don't get the vaccination records coming in from the states.
So they cannot do a cohort time series analysis like I did because they don't know when people were vaccinated.
All they know is when people died.
They don't know the dates when individual people die, and when those people who died were vaccinated.
The CDC cannot do the analysis.
They don't have the data, and they don't want to ask for the data either.
Because if they ask for the data, then I could FOIA it, and I would know.
So the CDC basically says, nope, we don't want to know.
But the vaccine is safe.
Trust us.
And so the states, now the states have the record level data.
but they don't do the analysis because why should they?
The CDC says it's safe.
So they got the records, but they don't look at them.
It's a catch-22.
Nobody basically analyzes the data.
It's all this systemic defect.
So infection, we have a paper from the Cleveland Clinic, which is one of the top places in the world, medical organizations in the world, and it shows that
If the more recently you got a vaccine, the worse off you are.
You are better to be under vaccinated to protect you from COVID.
And in fact, there's another chart that shows that every time you get a vaccine, it increases your risk of getting COVID.
And that's in the peer reviewed, published in the peer reviewed literature.
was not revoked, was not retracted.
Thank you.
Here's another paper.
This is in JAMA.
This is my favorite paper.
This is my favorite paper.
Probably my favorite paper of all time.
It's a research letter, April 6, 2023, comes from a top epidemiologist inside the VA.
And this guy is an age index of like 77.
I mean, he's a smart guy.
And he's doing his study and he's showing, hey, let's look at the, I'm gonna do, I'm gonna look at people hospitalized for COVID versus people hospitalized from the flu.
And I'm gonna compare these groups and I'm gonna see how they do in terms of death.
So they said, this is my baseline.
And so he looked at the baseline characteristics of people who are admitted to the hospital for flu and people who are admitted to the hospital for
COVID.
And he says, look, these cohorts are very, very similar.
Their ages are similar.
Their comorbidities are similar.
And look, even their vaccination status is similar.
Very similar.
Groups.
So now let me do the experiment.
Now that I've shown you that my groups are very similar.
You see the problem here?
The groups aren't supposed to be similar if you got hospitalized for COVID versus Devax.
So if the flu and the COVID vaccine is protected against hospitalization, you should see a dramatic difference between the groups.
This is what it should look like.
And I'm making these numbers up.
But the point is there should be this dramatic difference between the cohorts.
And there isn't.
There isn't, which means that the flu vaccine doesn't protect against infection or hospitalization, zero benefit.
And it also means the COVID vaccines don't protect against infection and hospitalization.
It's a net zero impact.
It's for dose one, dose two, dose three, dose four, whatever it is, zero impact.
In fact, the smallest impact was for the, if they got a recent booster, zero.
So, and when you look at in practice, the protection against death is less than the net protection from hospitalization.
It's always true that the biggest effect are the protection from infection and then it's a smaller amount for hospitalization and then even a smaller amount for death.
So when the net benefit of the first two or zero, there's no room.
for a benefit, it has to be smaller than zero.
The only thing smaller than zero is zero.
So this one paper basically proves that there's no benefit from the COVID vaccine or the flu vaccine.
And it's gold standard data from the VA.
So I asked the author, I said, you should publish this as another research note to say, hey, I missed this, sorry about that.
But the flu vaccines and COVID vaccines don't work.
He said he didn't have time to write it up.
didn't have time to write it up.
He's a nice guy, but he didn't have time to write it up.
Isn't that amazing?
Isn't that astonishing?
The most astonishing thing I've seen.
And then, of course, there's death, death from COVID.
So we can't tell from this data, because it's all caused mortality data, whether this thing actually makes you less likely to die from COVID.
There might have been a benefit.
But we have the U.S. nursing home data, and it shows that the COVID-vax had no difference at all in terms of your, if you got COVID, your risk of dying from COVID.
Now, the orange line here is basically the death curve, and I magnified it.
It's on the right-hand axis.
So you can see how it is relative to the infections, and you can see how it changes.
So in the first, the left-hand part of the graph,
the pre-Omicron, you're seeing that the orange lines are like above the infection line.
And the scales are the same throughout the whole thing.
But as soon as the Omicron hits, look, the orange lines are like a tenth or 20% of the infection line, which means that your risk of dying went way down.
But it wasn't the vaccine that caused it.
It was Omicron.
It was the variant that caused the change.
And you can see this also with an odds ratio calculation.
Basically, you hit the vaccine rollout and that orange line is supposed to go down and it goes up.
And people don't like to talk about this data because it goes the wrong way.
And as an example, Apple Valley Village Health Care Center, they saw seven times higher COVID death rates after the COVID vaccine was rolled out.
It was supposed to go the other way.
And of course, nobody who currently works at Apple Valley Village would talk to me on the record about this.
All cost mortality, gold standard, time series, the cohort analysis, this is what we did.
We looked at, we put people in buckets they got.
So this is an example of the record here and we put them in buckets of man weeks from the time of the dose and so forth.
not too complicated but long, I don't have enough time to explain it here but basically there are four independent variables and one dependent variable and you analyze it and you look at it.
This is what the graph should look like.
They should look pretty much straight lines and of course your morbidity goes, your mortality rate goes up with age but they basically should be straight lines because these are mortality rates so these are in deaths per 100,000 person years should be straight line.
Okay, so record level data of course is, it's simply the year birth, the date of death if they're dead in the vaccination history.
That's what record level data is.
It looks like this.
Very simple and it's the key and we can instantly tell.
This is why it's never revealed.
We see the only explanation, you know, is that the vaccines are killing people.
And at this point, we're rearranging debtors in the Titanic to say, well, did it kill 1.3 people per thousand or 1.2 people?
Who cares?
It killed too many people.
And was there a benefit?
No, there was no benefit at all that we could see.
And I'm, of course, pushing for
disclosure of this information, this record level data.
And I offered all this stuff to the FDA, CDC, Pfizer, Moderna, and the California Department of Public Health.
And none of them wanted to see the record level data.
I advertised it to any qualified epidemiologist to see it.
Nobody wanted to see the data either.
And the reason is I wanted to show the data to them so they could say, oh, you goofed here, a sign error, whatever.
And I was trying to be responsible before I went public with this.
So I tried for weeks to get anybody to look at the data.
Nobody wanted to take the time to explain it to me.
My colleagues, how we got it all wrong, they all refused my offer.
They said the vaccines are safe and they don't want the record level data that they had never seen before.
They don't want to see it.
It's kind of like the treasure of Sierra Madre.
You all remember this scene from the treasure of Sierra Madres when this guy says, we are the federales, you know, the CDC.
And the guy's after the other guy, I forget his name, is asking for, do you have any badges?
He said, and so the guy says, data, we ain't got no data.
We don't need no data.
I don't have to show you any stinking data, right?
Kind of paraphrasing there was actually badges, but but I changed the word to data, but it's essentially We're the feds and we don't need to show you any stinking data and This kind of sums it up here in terms of our
are trusted authorities.
You don't have to trust me.
You can do your own research.
We now have that record level data.
And if you think you got it wrong, let me know.
You can download the data here.
You use the Wasabi Explorer to download it.
You can also use RClone.
And these are the access codes to be able to download it yourself.
And you can verify.
It's in the slide deck.
It's posted.
Overcoming objections.
You can't prove the vaccines caused this.
You didn't control for confounders.
There are no confounders that can possibly explain this.
Where'd they hide the bodies?
People say, oh, they're no excess.
Where'd they hide the bodies?
They hid the bodies in plain sight.
New Zealand records biggest increase in registered deaths in 100 years in the UK.
Excess deaths in 2022 among worst in 50 years.
That's where they hid the bodies, folks, in plain sight.
Okay?
And then you saw the New Zealand thing.
The US had 600k excess deaths in 2021 alone.
It's normally 2.8 million people who died, 3.4 million who died in 2021.
And it's a good bet that most of these deaths were vaccine related.
John Bowdoin, who's here.
John didn't have access to vaccination data.
All he got was mortality data.
He got the death records in Massachusetts.
And he found that 4,000 excess deaths were caused by the vaccines.
4,000 deaths caused by the vaccines.
And he didn't even have the vaccination data to do that.
That is heroic work.
Now,
If the vaccines were safe, he should have found fewer than 15 deaths.
He found 266 times higher than the safe expectations.
And here is the URL.
You should go check out his article.
He spent a lot of work on those slides.
And he deserves your support.
And he also has a link to the book on that page, right?

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks, Steve.
The book is TheRealCDC.com.
It'll be maybe three weeks.
It's in layout right now.
But pre-order, I'm not supposed to get the website up and running like now.
So hopefully it's running.
If not, try it tomorrow.
Thanks, Steve.

[SPEAKER_15]
And John is also doing something.
Can I talk about what you're doing with the CDC?
The legal process and all that?
Yeah.
Okay.
So he's also sending a little memo to the CDC saying, guys, I'm putting you on legal notice that this is happening and these deaths are happening.
And the, and the subtext that he doesn't say is, and if you ignore this and do nothing, you're going to jail.
Here are the 20 most vaccinated countries.
Here's what happens to excess mortality in all these countries.
I'm not going to show you all of them, but you get the idea.
This is the VAERS data.
Do you see a problem?
This is when the vaccines rolled out.
Do you see a problem?
Nobody who works at the CDC can see a problem with this.
They think this is normal.
Can you believe that?
I mean, these people are brain dead.
You know, they hire blind people to work at the CDC looking at the VAERS data.
I was kidding about that, but it seems like it.
Western Australia.
These are essentially the VAERS report and the VAERS reporting rate in Australia, the equivalent of VAERS.
Medical examiners, willful blindness.
This is by Peter McCullough MD.
We talked about him before.
He found that 73.9%, essentially 74% of the deaths following vaccination
were due to the COVID vaccine, but all of these were labeled as just normal deaths by the medical examiners.
100,000 people, 100,000, sorry, 10,000 died suddenly events in full public view since the vaccine program started.
Virtually all are in the unvaccinated.
This is unprecedented.
In Ed Dow's book, Cause Unknown, there were only, they have only found one person who was unvaccinated in the 500 people who died unexpectedly.
What about that, do you not understand?
Or the birth that never happened.
This is a tweet from someone that, and this resonated with a lot of people, it got 128,000 views.
And the person wrote, I do not know one person who has had a clear and normal pregnancy since they took the COVID vaccines, either a miscarriage, stillbirth or early birth.
I mean, to even have anybody say that,
is a disaster.
And to have this resonate with the public where they say, yeah, yeah, me too, me too, me too, me too.
You can go and reference this tweet, and you will see how many me twos there are.
There are a lot of them.
And of course, I love this one.
Clearly baffling, that Ed Dowd wrote at the top.
Clearly baffling.
US infant mortality rate rises for the first time in more than 20 years.
Clearly, Balflin can't figure it out.
But people are now seeing the evidence for themselves.
People are waking up.
This person wrote.
He's doubly vaxed.
He believed in it.
And he says, I have never heard about so many working adults sick in my life.
OK, next objection.
If this is really true, why aren't any of the MIT professors speaking out, right?
Because surely, MIT professors are smart, and they know everything that was in the slide deck, and they would be speaking out.
Well, some are.
MIT professor Edza Flavie.
Others choose to remain silent.
And so is that how science is supposed to work?
Is Professor Robert Langer the new role model for how scientists are supposed to operate in the United States of America?
That you duck and run for cover when you are challenged?
Is that the new standard?
Is MIT Institute Professor Langer's running from this data?
Is that the model?
that we want to have for MIT students for this is how you deal with adverse data.
This is how you deal with truth.
You run from it.
You make sure that you don't show up and talk about it and defend it.
So how many people want to see a real debate on this data?
Or do you prefer that we censor one side of it so that you only hear from one side, like when you turn on CNN and you only hear one side of the story?
You know, these people say, oh, yeah, we want the debate to happen, but it should happen in the scientific literature.
I hate that because it takes years.
Like autism, for example, 20 years.
For 20 years, it's been an ongoing question.
Is this vaccine caused autism?
I look at the data, and of course it does.
There's no question.
I would bet my life on it that vaccines cause autism.
How is that worked out that we resolve this in the scientific literature?
For 20 years, there have been papers on both sides claiming, yes, there's an effect, no, there's not.
For 20 years, and that's the way these so-called scientists want to resolve ambiguity, they want to do it in the literature, well, it will take 20 years, or maybe never.
That's how they want this to be resolved.
And we want it to happen now in a real-time dialogue.
OK, and then there's the objection.
Well, if that's true, how come I don't know anyone who died from the vaccine?
Well, you probably did, but you just didn't realize it.
I'm like, if you're an MIT, Paul Agassi was a roommate in B Entry.
I was in B Entry, McGregor, class of 1978.
Paul was one of my roommates in the entry, and he died.
And you know what?
He died six months right after he got his first vaccine shot.
Exactly on schedule, exactly as predicted.
He died in his own swimming pool.
And they never made that public.
People don't die in their own swimming pool.
That doesn't happen.
Paul Agassi was full of life.
He didn't deserve what happened to him.
But nobody wants to talk about it.
And there's another very young guy, 29, Peter Badu.
I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing it correctly.
He died unexpectedly.
Nobody knows why.
There's a survey that was done.
Do you know someone?
This is done by Rasmussen when they're one of the finest polling companies in America.
They're willing to ask the questions that nobody else wants to ask.
Do you know someone personally who died from side effects of the COVID-19 vaccine?
24% said yes.
This is, they're asking Americans.
They're not asking anti-vaxxers.
They're asking Americans.
24% knew someone who died from the vaccine.
That is unprecedented.
Data transparency is the key to reform.
All we need is one place, a state or a country, or
Or we could elect a president who believes in data transparency and who will fix the problems with the corruption of the CDC and FDA.
We will instantly reduce SIDS, autism, autoimmune diseases, heart disease, food allergies, doctor visits, and more.
Did you know that if you look at overnight autism where the kid is normal one day and just becomes autistic instantly in a 24-hour period, goes from normal to autistic, severely autistic in 24 hours, there are no cases that happen two weeks prior to a scheduled vaccine visit.
And I talked with pediatrician Doug Colstead.
He had 44 cases happening two weeks after the scheduled vaccine visit.
If it's not related to the vaccine, explain that.
And this will be repeated everywhere.
SIDS, same deal.
50% happened within 40 hours of the vaccine.
If that's not causal, I don't know what is.
It's in the Omaha Police Department records.
I tried to FOIA the information.
The guy said, no, it's not there.
I said, yes, it is.
And let me have you talk to the detective who knows it's there.
He talked to the detective who told me about this.
And then he ghosted me.
They did not comply with the FOIA request because they know it's right and they know it would expose the link between suits and autism.
And they don't want anyone to know because if people knew they would be furious.
So they keep it hidden and they don't comply with the FOIA request.
In 2009, Congress decided it was better if the NIH did not do a study comparing the fully unvaccinated with the fully vaccinated to look at health outcomes.
Congress said the American people do not want to know
If the unvaccinated are healthier or not healthier than the vaccinated, we prefer not to know that.
And so HR 3069 in 2009 was killed in committee.
They basically don't want you to know either they are corrupt.
Every single paper in the peer-reviewed literature
peer-reviewed scientific literature that compares the fully vaccinated with the fully unvaccinated always shows the unvaccinated are healthier.
There are no exceptions.
And there's a great book, new book by a guy named Robert F. Kennedy and Brian Hooker that documents all this that everyone should get.
There is also a large pediatric practice in the United States.
They've been in business for over 25 years.
They have no autism.
They have no ADHD.
The kids never get sick.
The secret are they avoid all vaccines, they avoid the use of Tylenol if you have a fever, and a few other things.
Now, they have to be hidden.
I can't even tell you who they are.
I know who they are, but I can't tell you their names because they would lose their license to practice medicine for going against the medical consensus.
heart disease, it doesn't affect the fully unvaccinated.
This is a comparison of heart disease for the fully unvaccinated.
It's zero versus 48% of Americans on average.
And I checked the references on this.
Your cardiologist simply forgot to tell you this.
Bottom line, refuse all vaccines until there is data transparency.
So now the question is, how are they going to respond to this presentation?
They'll probably ignore it.
Be silent.
If they are forced to,
They will say, we do not respond to external analyses.
Period.
End of story.
Thank you very much.
Fact checker says, you know, you're wrong.
Or it isn't published in a peer-reviewed journal.
We don't have to respond to it.
You can't make us look.
You can't make us look.
And if it does get published, what happens is the paper magically gets retracted.
They'll find a reason to retract it.
Guaranteed.
That's how science works nowadays.
Or they'll say, hey, the CDC loves to do this.
The vaccines are safe.
We've given billions of doses and nobody has died.
You can trust us.
Then the fine print says, even though we've never done the proper autopsy on any of the unexpected tests, and we never did the time series cohort analysis ourselves on the record level data, so we don't actually really know if the vaccines are safe or not to be perfectly honest.
But they don't, that's in the fine print.
The part in yellow is in the fine print.
You just see the part in white.
Got it?
So final thoughts.
Hiding public health data always leads to worse health outcomes.
So why are we doing it?
Stop hiding the data, set the data free.
That, you know, if you got one thing from this presentation, stop hiding the data, set the data free.
We want to see the data, and we want to see it now.
This slide deck is posted on my sub stack, and I want to thank you to all of the paid subscribers that have my sub stack.
Because you enable me to do this work, otherwise I have to get a real job doing something and not speak out about the vaccine.
So it is, I am so grateful to the many people who support me at $5 a month.
Your contribution makes a huge difference and enables me to fund my work and the work of other people, and I fund multiple people.
and organizations to get this work out.
You can contact me on Twitter.
I'm ST Kirsch on, or sorry, it's X now.
ST Kirsch on X and there's a, on the pinned tweet, it shows how to contact me.
And there's even a proposed community note on that.
I mean, they're really trying to like, Mr. Kirsch is a known misinformation spreader and it doesn't say that.
Or you can subscribe to my sub-stack at CurseSubstack.com.
And that is the last slide.
So thank you very much.
Thank you so much.
So we have time for questions, right?
We have the room till 9, so.

[SPEAKER_17]
OK. Yeah, go ahead.
This will be fun.
So thank you.
My name is Dr. Randy Bach.
I'm the author of Overturning Zika, which was the last pandemic.
It's the pandemic the never was.
So I'm a skeptic kind of guy.
And you should look into that.
It's very easy to find Amazon.
A lot of stuff that people think happened with Zika causing microcephaly.
It was a big bruja.
It was the biggest pandemic ever until this one came along.
So it's been eclipsed.
But anyway, so I don't buy into the background data that gets forced on people.
So I'm with you on that.
The thing that I don't want to throw the baby out with the bath water, no pun intended, vaccines have use.
And there are useful vaccines over time.
I'm a medical doctor.
I did primary care for 30-something years.
And we don't really see German measles anymore.
Rubella is an issue in pregnancy.
There's rubella syndrome.
We don't really see rubella syndrome anymore.
So there are vaccines that work and have been useful.
Smallpox we don't see anymore.
Anyway, I want to get to the point.
I understand there's going to be pushback, but my real point is that insofar as arguing this point, I'm like 90, some percentage agreement with you.
I'd like to stipulate, though, that this was not a vaccine rollout.
A genuine vaccine is prior to an illness.
This has always been the case.
I think they made huge factual errors and stipulation errors for whatever reason.
I think it was kind of a forced experiment on people.
They didn't have done the mRNA platform when they had the adenovirus, the flu shot.
And there's a lot of other ways in which this was a complete bollock stuff thing.
They gave it to people who already had the illness.
So the pushback I would give about this vaccine not being safe is that it was never done prior.
It was not done the way vaccines were.
Dr. Fauci himself, 2005 or 2004, I was talking about severe flu was happening that year.
And he was asked, should people who've had this flu get this flu shot?
And he was like, no, they should not get this because anybody who
And anybody who has had the illness has perfect immunity.
You've seen the entire virus.
A vaccine is only one little tiny protein.
You're only going to get, anyway.
So, thank you.
I'll be here all night.
The last point, I have a number of other points.
I mean, you bring out the fact that Omicron came out.
But basically the problem with this vaccine, a lot of the problem is that there was no real benefit because it was not given in 2019.
the way a normal flu shot would have been.
And it was given after the fact, and many people had already had the illness.
So you're working on the problem of having antibody-dependent enhancement and a lot of secondary problems from this shot, which was no longer acting like a vaccine.
Plus, the virus itself had mutated.
I've got one quick example.
I'll leave it back to you.
The example I have is the Alec Baldwin conundrum.
So if we stipulate, there are a lot of Baldwin's, there's four Baldwin brothers, and let's say Alec is the most dangerous.
He punches paparazzi, he shoots people, and so forth.
And so if he was the ancestral Tsarist Cove too, and let's stipulate that is quasi-dangerous.
I don't think it was that dangerous from the Diamond Princess.
It was never the problem that was, it was foisted upon us to be.
So, but let's say he's the most dangerous of the Alec Baldwin brothers, of the Baldwin brothers.
And so the police at your party, you're not going to let this son of a bitch get in.
So they all get pictures of Alec Baldwin.
That's the type of immunity.
They're your immune system.
They're not going to let Alec Baldwin.
So they're pretty good.
If you haven't prior to the fact, before he shows up at your party, he's going to shoot somebody.
But in this case,
Alec Baldwin's already been put in jail.
He's already left the scene.
SARS-CoV-2 has left the scene, and now you're left with the Daniel, Billy, Steven, Baldwin's.
And those are the alpha, beta, delta variants, and so forth.
And they are substantially less dangerous than, but they could still punch a paparazzi, I guess.
And so your guards, some will let some of the Baldwin brothers in some of the time.
So this was always an imperfect experiment as far as the vaccine goes.
Yeah, I'll get to the quick point.
So there's no real point in giving this after the fact, because Baldwin's already left the scene.
And at this point, when Omicron showed up, it's really Hailey Baldwin.
She's not a danger.
OK, so I'm with you for the most part.
I think this was only risk, and there was no benefit because they gave it to the wrong age groups.
So the thing I would push back as far as vaccine efficacy, this vaccine, I think they should have just given it to people at risk from coronavirus, which was elderly.
And that's that.

[SPEAKER_15]
So can you tell me where, I've looked at the record level evidence, which is the gold standard, there's nothing better than that.
There is no more better gold standard evidence, ground zero level.
Where is the evidence that you should give it to the elderly?

[SPEAKER_17]
I agree again, I agree with most of what you say because this was given anachronistically.
This was given this vaccine was given after SARS-CoV-2 had left the scene.

[SPEAKER_15]
Look, you just said that you should give it to the elderly.
I'm asking for your evidence.
data, the evidence.

[SPEAKER_17]
The evidence I would give is that vaccines of this type, like the flu shot, would be beneficial prior to the thing.

[SPEAKER_15]
So I'm like, again, not no, let me explain what evidence is.
Evidence is data.
And if you have record level data, I want to see it.
If you don't have record level data,
Do you have record level data that shows that it's beneficial for the elderly?

[SPEAKER_17]
I stipulated that I'm 90% in agreement with you because there's a flawed experiment on human beings.
I'm with you most of the way.
This is a horrible experiment that was done.
All right.
OK. All right.

[SPEAKER_15]
Next question.

[SPEAKER_16]
Steve first, thank you very much.
Have you followed the
of Dr. David Martin to the European Parliament about the origins of COVID, the patenting of the COVID-19 vaccine in April of 2019 by Moderna, the development of the COVID-19 by the US government, USAID.
Do you follow Dr. David Martin?

[SPEAKER_15]
So yes, and it is troubling to me that there is this long nucleotide sequence which is in the Moderna patent, which is also in SARS-CoV-2.
How did it get there?
And Moderna was asked that question.
How did this long sequence in the patent get into the SARS-CoV-2 virus?
How did that happen?
I think the CEO said, let me check on that and I'll get back to you.
We are still waiting.
We're still waiting to find out the answer.
There must be a reason for how this sequence found in the Moderna patent got its way into the virus.
We'll hear about that someday, I'm sure.
Maybe in 75 years from now, which is the new gold standard that the FDA endorses for releasing safety data on a vaccine.
John.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thanks, Steve.
You talked about data transparency and how we need it.
There is one state that has probably the most powerful public health data transparency bill that has been proposed.
Jason Gerhard submitted it in New Hampshire.
We have some New Hampshire people here now.
A few state reps. Emily Phillips is a co-sponsor of that bill.
She's up in the crowd.
And you may not know Jason Gerhard and Erie Pauls have brought me in to speak with the Attorney General of New Hampshire and the Criminal Justice Bureau Chief.
It was supposed to be 30 minutes.
It went 45.
They were still engaged.
Erie and Jason get up to leave.
And I'm like, what are you doing?
We're still talking.
So it ended with a walk out the door.
After I got him to laugh, I got the smiles to drop on their faces.
My question to you is,
After you read it, I hope you will consider supporting it publicly because, again, this is probably the greatest public health transparency bill around.
So I hope you'll support that.

[SPEAKER_15]
I have been talking to the people in New Hampshire.
They said they want to keep a pretty low profile, so they don't get torpedoed.
But yeah, I'm totally, it's absolutely the right thing to do.
And I'll say another thing about data transparency, which is there is a governor in the United States of America
that I think within the next few months will make a bold move and make that record level data public in his state.
I know who he is.

[SPEAKER_00]
I have like no voice.
Isn't MIT still mandating the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_15]
No, not to my knowledge.
I just call it a vaccine because that's how I could call it the shot or the jab, you know, whatever.
I'm just trying to relate.
I'm hoping that this, I don't want to just talk to us.
I don't want to have an echo chamber.
I want to talk to people who believe that it's a vaccine.
And so I'm trying to communicate in a language that those people understand about what it is.
So I'm trying to be kind.
Do you know if Ben Cell is speaking here next week?
No.
Oh, Ben Cell.
Yeah.
He is.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, I'd love to ask him a few questions about that.
But I kind of don't think they're going to let me ask any questions.
That's kind of the way it works.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Steve, first, I want to thank you for this talk today.
And I just want to thank the MIT students for hosting this.
So my name is Steve Bitar.
I'm an electrical and computer engineer.
I've been teaching at Worcester Polytechnic Institute for over 22 years.
My red pill moment was when I had a young man sitting in my office asking for special accommodations because he instantly had a heart attack to the Pfizer booster and then was being treated for myocarditis.
So that was my red pill moment and that's when I did the deep dive in the same data that you showed the adverse event reporting system and I saw all the
increases and reports on the COVID vaccine.
I was wondering why isn't the CDC seeing the red flags if I can see them?
And I'm not even trained for that.
By January of 2022, just a few months later, WPI had on record seven student deaths, which they attributed to suicide, except that I knew one of those young men.
His name was Tyler Larson from Pelham, New Hampshire.
He was on crew team.
He was found dead in his dorm room, and it wasn't a suicide.
So I know those vaccines are harmful, especially to that cohort.
And I'm standing here today because I care about these young people.
And I know the vaccine's harmful to them.
I've been trying to get the word out on my campus.
And so I applaud the work that you're doing.
I am one that can appreciate the graphs.
So thank you for all that work.
I guess my question to you is,
I do believe this has been a deliberate attempt by our government and maybe the governments of the world to harm people.
And it's dangerous.
We're living in a time where I just cannot believe what our government is doing.
So what do you think is the most important thing that we should be doing?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, I think that the thing that's going to shift this is not my giving talks.
It's when people like Paul Offit.
Wake up in the morning and say, what side of history do I want to be on today?
And it's going to take people like Paul Offit switching from supporting the vaccines and saying the vaccines are safe to switching sides and joining us on the right side of history and start advocating for truth and transparency.
And that's when it will shift.
It will shift when people who people respect and trust switch sides.
And the more people that do that, the faster this will change.
And I have reached out to Paul Offit.
to say, Paul, I have record level data.
Do you want to see the record level data?
And do you want the tools I used to analyze it?
Because you can find the same thing.
And his response was, I don't want to talk to him.
And that is the problem.
None of these people who can make a difference
want to look at the data, they do not want to see the truth.
And it is going to take a lot of people.
It's going to take epidemiologists who are not afraid of losing their job and destroying their career, who are not afraid to do that in order to speak the truth.
Hi, Steve.
And I hope that this presentation that I made today will encourage people to say, enough is enough.
I'm not going to take it anymore, and I'm going to start speaking out.
Because, you know,
I asked these AI chatbots, chat GPT, I asked, hey, have there been any people who become anti-vaxxers that switched over to being pro-vaccine?
And the chatbot says, yes, there are plenty of them, like Dell Big Tree.
And they listed people who are like, man, these guys are totally in our camp here.
ChantGPT is completely blue-pilled.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
I'm not making this stuff up.
I posted it on Twitter the response.
But it's going to take a lot of people to flip sides, or pull off it could do it single-handedly.
If pull off it, single-handedly got red-pilled.
And he chose to look at the data.
And he realized that, yeah, the jig is up.
Look, you know, the longer these people refuse to look at the data, the more they are discrediting their community.
The more they discredit the medical community.
The medical community now has an opportunity to look at this data and analyze it themselves and verify everything I said today.
The longer they avoid doing this, the deeper the hole they will dig themselves into.
And the first rule of holes is when you find yourself in one, stop digging.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi, Steve.
I'm over here.
Right here.

[UNKNOWN]
Go.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hi.
So I'm actually Team Reality CT, if anyone knows on Twitter.
Hello.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
So I am running the national stop college mandates.
This is stopcollegemandates.org.
I do want to just give credit to Adam and Spencer.
I have to tell you.
We have been at this for two and a half years and I'm telling you it's single digits how many college kids will get involved in this and it's painful and it really needs to happen at that level.
When we interviewed and did the rally at Yale we had Naomi Wolf there and every single student that we talked to privately
They knew of a child or a pair, I should say, that had menstrual issues, strokes.
They had embolisms.
It was incredible.
And they still got the booster.
They would not buck the system.
It was absolutely incredible.
So I do want to thank you.
I absolutely want to talk to you after this.
But Steve, I'm really curious about how do we wake up that generation?
Because that's our biggest challenge.
I think the kids in college, high school, they need to just stand up and say no more.
There's 74 colleges that are still mandating in our country.
This is absolutely an abomination.
I mean, it's criminal at this point.
We need to build a case for criminal and actually sue.
So I'm hoping some people will go to our website and sign our petition.
There's also a student declaration.
You should know about this.
It's student declaration 2023.org.
If you can sign that, that would be wonderful.
I appreciate your time and everything you're doing.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you very much.
Thank you for everything you're doing to get rid of the mandates on campus.
It is going to be a long battle.
I think the only way that the needle shifts is for, again, the people like Paul Offit or Peter Hotez.
Look, Peter Hotez went anti-vax.
It's all done.
It's all over.
So I think these people need to go and look in the mirror and say, look, how much longer do I think I can get away with avoiding this data?
The data is out there.
Paul Offit knows the data is out there.
I guarantee you Paul Offit knows the data is out there.
The question is, how long do people like him
believe that they can simply avoid the truth because this is not sustainable what they're doing.
They're living on short time views right now and the longer they delay the worse they look and the more they discredit their profession.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hi.
I wanted to point out that the CDC is regionalizing health boards in the state of Massachusetts, so that they can actually circumvent local boards of health that are elected and appointed officials of a town.
So it's done with a grant.
the grant is like, oh, well, we'll give you this money and you can do a regionalization.
So a town like Halifax is being grouped with Taunton and like big cities and not even the towns that are like Halifax.
And it's all to have the CDC rules.
So when you ask why this is occurring, it's because under the cover of grants, such as the Federal Cares Act, which allows the lowering of quorums at town meetings,
And it's all done because we don't go to town meeting.
It is the easiest thing you can do.
You can watch Netflix every day, whatever time.
It's not like family ties is on at seven o'clock on a Sunday and you have to do that with your family anymore.
Go to the stupid town meeting and vote Why do your taxes go up because you didn't go to town meeting and vote so when you say?
They are doing this.
No, you are get up and go vote at your town meeting Thank you Hi, thank you

[SPEAKER_14]
So as a graduate of this institution, I greatly respect peer reviewed literature.
And you mentioned the Cleveland Clinic study, which is fantastic.
And then you probably know the one in vaccine from the FOIA data from Pfizer.
Is there any effort to take your data and have it make its way through the peer reviewed literature?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes.
So we're writing up my.
My results in a paper, so I'm a co-author on that.
It's being written by someone who works for me, so I don't have to worry that it's not going to happen.
And it's been reviewed by an editor of a peer review journal, and he wants to publish it.
And so we're just fine-tuning it right now.
So they won't be able to say, well, we'll look at it when it's in the peer-reviewed literature, because that time is coming real soon now.
And there's no way they're going to be able to stop it either.

[SPEAKER_18]
Hi, Steve.
I really appreciate this, of course.
Great to see it all in one place and put together as you've done.
I'm curious whether you have any other targets for your debate to people.
targets, what do you mean by targets?
You know, you want to challenge to a debate and you know, you'll offer you the million dollars or whatever.
Is there anyone left that you're looking at?

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, I wish because I'm kind of looking at, I could always use an extra million or
more.
And you know, so I'm looking to bet people.
I offered a million dollars to anybody in the world who would take my million dollars.
And the bet is I bet the vaccines killed more people than they saved.
Now you know why I made the bet.
And it's a neutral panel of judges that decides it.
There's only one guy in the world who accepted it.
And he said, I'm only going to do it for half a half a million.
But if I like the judges, I'll go higher.
So there is one guy from Israel who accepted my million dollar bet.
So the interesting thing is that they're willing to bet your life that they are correct, but they're not willing to bet their money that they are correct.
Isn't that interesting?
I don't know.
You know, it's like big hat, no cattle, right?
They talk big and they're willing to risk your life over it.
but they're not willing to risk their money.
Now Moderna won't risk their money, and Pfizer won't risk their money.
They're not standing behind their product.
Why, if the vaccines are safe and effective, why wouldn't Pfizer or Moderna want to challenge me and win and prove that their vaccine is safe?
Because they know it's not.

[SPEAKER_18]
I'd like to suggest, Steve, I'd like to suggest a pivot.
Could you consider perhaps offering that same kind of a money to anyone who would be a whistleblower?
Because what we need is the real, you've got the record level data.
What we need is the intent.
And the intent is only going to come from internal documentation that we cannot possibly access without a whistleblower.
A whistleblower would need support if they were to come forward.
It would be very difficult to hide themselves, perhaps.
And the money would be towards them, their legal fees.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, so I'm totally willing to do that.
You can use the Contact Me link.
There is already a checkbox for whistleblowers.
And you just name your price.
The CDC would want to do the same thing, right?
I'm sure the FDA has a program like that where they want to find out intent for whistleblowers.
Isn't there a CDC program where you can, you know, like, I can show that they fudge the data or they fabric, like, where is the CDC program?
Surely there must be a CDC and FDA program for that.
Isn't there?
No way.
What does that tell you?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's hard to be a whistleblower nowadays, right?
Because there are whistleblower protection laws, but they don't necessarily work the way they were intended.

[SPEAKER_09]
Good evening, Steve.

[SPEAKER_15]
And by the way, this whistleblower in New Zealand, sorry, the whistleblower in New Zealand, he made an enormous risk
No, it's a he.
He made an enormous risk in disclosing this data.
He could go to jail.
He could be killed.
There are lots of things that could happen to this guy.
This guy is a hero.
And please give a round of applause for him.
Because it's people like that that are willing to sacrifice everything to get the truth out because they are so disgusted
with what is happening and how many people have been killed by their government, that they are willing to sacrifice their wife, their future in order to get the word out.
And this whistleblower has my undying gratitude and I will absolutely help this whistleblower
get another job.
He's probably not going to be keeping his for very long and do anything I can to help him because he has done an incredible service to humanity in making this data public.

[SPEAKER_09]
So one question, one comment, the question is how can the CDC, the FDA ignore the open VA's data?
It is so compelling.
That's the question.
And for those people that believe in vaccines, if you want the true story, there's a book called Turtles All the Way Down.
If you read that book for the people down there, you read that book, even polio, you'll question if any vaccine that's ever been developed is effective and safe.

[SPEAKER_15]
And I totally agree with that.
There's no evidence that any of these vaccines are safe and effective.
None of them are tested against placebo for safety.
And as far as effectiveness, the way we find out whether they're effective is to look at the record level data that's never disclosed.
So nobody knows, but it sure seems like what happens is these viruses come out, they burn themselves out, and then a vaccine is introduced, and then they declare victory.
And it is amazing how often that happens.
So if the vaccines really worked, why are they never disclosing the record level data?
They have the data in Medicare.
It could be exposed.
They're never, for any vaccine, they are never, ever disclosing that information.
There must be a reason.
I can't figure it out.
And as far as the VAERS, like how can they ignore the VAERS data?
It's easy.
They just ignore it.
That's the way it works.
We're the federales.
We don't need no data.
We don't have no data.
You know, they don't look at it.
You know, they actually did look at their data and they found 770 different safety signals.
That means this adverse event is a huge problem.
This class of adverse events is a huge problem.
770 different classes of adverse events.
That is like the house is on fire.
What did they do?
They did nothing.
The only reason that we know about the 770 safety signals that were triggered, and I'm not talking about 770 people.
I'm talking about pulmonary embolism is one of the safety signals.
I'm talking about cancer is one of the safety signals.
That's what I'm talking about.
I said safety signals, 770.
Buildings on fire, what did they do?
They did nothing.
The only way we found out about that is because somebody did a Freedom of Information Act request on the CDC and they discovered that the CDC had the alarm bells are going off throughout the building, 770 fires throughout the building of the CDC and the CDC did nothing.
They did absolutely nothing.
It's in the public record.
It's a Freedom of Information Act request.
Anybody could do that.
They do nothing.
They are corrupt.
There is no question about it.
That organization needs a big overhaul.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes.
I don't think...
So, hi.
Thank you so much.
And thank you to over there as well, the young students.
I want to bring up the word whistleblower.
And it really blows my mind that if everyone stood up, there is no whistleblower.
It's that everyone stands up.
And I see it in communities that I'm in and everyone's talking about the information about the jab and how bad it is, but they don't speak up.
And it's kind of like it's a good day for dying.
It's like, speak up.
Because if everyone spoke up, then the tables would turn.
And whether it's about money or not money, it's about if everyone that knows the truth, professors, whomever, if they all stood up, the table would turn.
Do you know what I mean?
It's like so simple.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, if everybody got together for all the doctors at UCSF, and by the way, none of them, I think none of the doctors at UCSF are getting any more jobs.
They all know that it kills people.
They're not getting it themselves.

[SPEAKER_11]
They're not.
But that's what I mean.
Everyone has their own level of fear, whether it's about money or ridicule or whatever.
But if the majority of people that knew the truth stood up, they wouldn't lose their jobs.
because the majority spoke.
The other little glimmer of light that I would like to also share is people that I know who have constantly gotten the job and the boosters, they keep on getting COVID.
And they're lightening up realizing that they're not going to do that anymore.
So slowly but surely light is shining.
But just rise up, come on.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I mean, I would love that to happen.
People are just afraid.
I mean, they shouldn't be.
The doctors at UCSF should all get together and they all sign a letter.
And then when everybody is signed, then they make the letter public.
And that way, they don't have to worry about like, oh, wow, if I go out and these other guys don't go out, I lose my job and they keep theirs.
People should be circulating these letters saying, we're not going to take it anymore.
And then they get everybody to sign the letter.
And when everyone has signed, they make the letter public.
So easy.

[SPEAKER_07]
Steve, this is going to be a bit of a softball for you.
I commend you for putting out all this stuff public, because I think that's more important.
There was some commentary here about peer review.
And I think the audience needs to reflect on the fact that peer review is what got us here.
Okay, we saw Serge's fear.
We saw all of these journals come through and basically fabricate information to support a narrative.
And if that is the cathedral we're going to run all of our data through, we're going to end up in the same place.
So I think it's really important for this audience to look at what do we care about from peer review?
What we care about is reproduction.
We don't care about a bunch of our friends giving us gold stars in our papers.
All right.
Does it reproduce?
If your data can be put public and others can reproduce it, that's all we care about.
I hope people in this audience at MIT, if you're in the Bitcoin Club here, you understand this concept that distributed consensus is all that matters.
If your enemies can reproduce your work,
It's real.
You don't need any GM telling you it's real because they're probably paid off.
I used to work in that industry.
We used to pay even 2008 $10,000 to $20,000 per page for an ad in science and nature, and we bought them every month.
So if you think the actual Fox is paid off, nature and science are far more paid off.
Okay, they are going to support whatever the pharmaceutical narrative is, and if you think you're going to get a fair hearing in that scenario, you're sadly mistaken.
Okay, so put it public, let others interrogate it, and I think peer review is very important, but it's no longer trustworthy in the hands that we've trusted it with in the past.
I'm sorry, I'm Kevin McCurn, and I spent some time here on campus.

[SPEAKER_15]
So Kevin is actually working on a new project to do exactly what he is talking about.
And by the way, Kevin McKernan, for those who don't know him, he came to fame recently because of this little issue of DNA contamination.
Or as we like to call it, adulteration.
So he found this stuff, including the SV40 promoter sequence in the Pfizer vaccine that is not supposed to be there.
And not only that, we had a nice little chat on Zoom.
And I asked a question about, well, shouldn't, like, how did this happen?
And Kevin was saying, well, as soon as you enter the sequence into the, what's the name of that program?
Yeah, as soon as you enter the sequence into Snap Gene, Snap Gene says, hey, SV40 promoter sequence.
And so somebody had to do the active work to erase that sequence from the diagram before it was given to the FDA.
In other words, they knew
There was a problem.
They deliberately held it from the FDA.
And you know what?
The FDA doesn't give a damn that they were fooled.
It's like I'm waiting for the FDA to give
Pfizer the fool us award You know for fooling them on the SV 40 promoter sequence because the FD in any reasonable society the FDA should be livid about this they should call for an investigation and somebody should go to jail for this and What we have is an FDA that says we're not going to investigate it We don't need to investigate it.
We know you know, we don't have to do anything
What?
Safe and effective.
And that's the way it goes.
So when Kevin finds this huge safety problem, there is no money from the FDA to fund whether or not this thing can permanently rearrange or change your DNA.
And so the FDA can say, well, there's no evidence that it causes harm.
Of course, there's no evidence because you decided not to fund the research to uncover the evidence.
That is how it works.
That's how the game is played.
Yeah, John.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you.
You guys might know that I'm more on the criminal track.
But with regard to all the civil liability, everybody knows about the prep act, the willful misconduct exception.
What Kevin found is extremely instrumental in proving the case in the court of law because strict liability standard is for a manufacturing defect.
Your burden of proof is much less.
For a design defect, you'd have to prove a reasonable alternative design.
It's a long drawn out process of negligence within court.
But what Kevin did was unlock the Wilfamist conduct exception of the PREP Act.
And then as cases move forward, the manufacturing defect, you don't have to prove a reasonable alternative design.
You only have to prove that the product that was shipped did not meet the safety spec that the manufacturer put out.
They came up with a spec.
They're not meeting their own spec.
So product escapes into the stream of commerce, all standard terms that I'm using.
So it's just really important that people understand that the game is on.
And we go after them.
And then we get...
And then we pierce the corporate bail.
We go to the executives, take all the money back.
They knew we should have known.
Nobody should have made money on these products.
I go to the gym.
I see the guys from Moderna.
I live around here.
So Norwood's their big manufacturing facility.
And hey, they're having parties every Friday.
The wine and beer are flowing.
They got free gourmet lunches all the time.
They're living high on the hog as they kill people.
So thanks, Kevin, and thank you, Steve, for doing this.

[SPEAKER_15]
Who's got the mic next?

[SPEAKER_10]
We'll take one last question.
Go ahead.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you very much.
So this, I believe COVID is the tip of the iceberg.
If we do the data analysis of every vaccine that's ever been given from the beginning, the death rate, the destruction, the loss of family wealth,
the loss of livelihoods of people.
Everywhere I go, I see more and more and more dysfunctional.
I'm sorry, I don't need to use that word.
People, I teach in a high school.
My kids are sick.
My kids cannot think they are all getting their boosters because they want to play their sports.
If we do the real analysis, which I think your wonderful team could do, we will see that this is truly a takedown of the American people and the world people by, I believe, a super elite that Professor Quigley refused to name because he didn't want to be killed.
They've been named now.
Let's look.
Let's reveal it.
Let's accept it.
We are at war.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I hope we can give another big round of applause for Steve Gersh tonight.

[SPEAKER_01]
There's some wonderful insights for Mrs. Steve Kirsch.
Thank you very much for coming over and talking about this.
Imagine the world, if all this data, if the world knows about these data, if the mainstream media, the medical and academia complex did not suppress all these data.

[SPEAKER_10]
On Monday, November 27th, we sent out one of the more popular tweets on Steve Pearson's account.
It was actually the dorm spam in which we emailed 5,000 undergraduates at MIT.
This guy is going to cross the Rubicon.
Y'all should come.
Well, I think in every sense of the word tonight, the Rubicon has been crossed.
Because tonight we have done something that has not been pierced in a long time.
We know that the people know what's going on and they're skeptical, but the academic and the government bubbles remain as resolute as ever.
Their glass could not be pierced.
Well, as the MSOI tonight, we have just ruptured their glass bubble and we will not be denied.
248 years ago in 1775, there was the shot heard around the world, which you're all familiar with because you're from the region.
It was 30 miles west of here in Concord, Massachusetts.
And tonight, I think in two ways, we have fired the shot heard around the world.
The first way, with Kersh presenting the record level data from New Zealand showing Israel as well and many other sources, we now have the vindication.
And in the second way, we as the MSOI, we will continue to rise and we will never back down as we have in our previous events.
Let's keep this going.
We're going to need your support, and I hope that this can be the beginning of a big community.
No one knows what's going on on the horizon.
It is a very complicated affair, no doubt, and some of us are intimidated and we don't know where to begin.
But I can tell you that if we don't know where to start,
Start somewhere, find your friends, find your local community and keep building.
When we started MSOI, there was probably the two of us and maybe a few other individuals, but we never said we were going to quit and we kept going and look at what we got today.
And I want to end with this.
I hope that as we have done, as Mr. Kirsch has done, and we should all embrace this, we must love and fight for our freedom more than we are scared of the consequences for doing so.
And in the words of Benjamin Franklin, if we all hang together instead of separately, we can win.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you for coming and I'll be here till nine o'clock.
So if you have any questions and want to talk to me or get any selfies or whatever, I'm here for you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, she's alive.
You know, I guess I haven't been walking around.
Good for your guys!
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I know I met her before you came into Connecticut.
Yes, you were asking, you were asking me what?
So our sister organization, and if you look that website up, so stopcollegemandings.org, right?
We put a link in English.
No college mandates are the ones that are actually drafting this.
Probably every two to three weeks, they do another refresh.
So on their website, I advertise that so if you follow me on Twitter, you'll be able to see.
A lot of the stuff.
I do have stuff out there.
You know, I have a handle.
I'm still going number two.
Great name.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I was like, it's like an etiquette.

[UNKNOWN]
It's at the national level.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's an etiquette because people don't know names and etiquette are the only two names, right?
I'm graduating.
I was thinking of responding but the questions were so numerous.

[SPEAKER_05]
You said something about reaching young people.
I graduated from Bachelor a little over a year ago, and I remember they were very proud to have a DASH school.
And they had all their numbers, and they were really happy to be able to put the 99% back to DASH.
I was one of the only two people I knew who was viewed, which means that they forced me to jam with the fucking Q-tips of my nose multiple times a week.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I don't.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, but regarding how it relates to these people, I don't.
Excuse me, sir.

[SPEAKER_06]
It was good of you to stand up.
It was not a popular move, but I appreciate your courage.
So you say you agree with him about 90% of the stuff, right?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
I don't have his data set.
I haven't played with him.
OK. And what he says is true.
I'm going to be on my podcast.
The podcast is that?

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
I'm on Twitter.
It's Dr. Randall Barak.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do you live in the area?
Are you willing to testify at the House of Representatives on bills?
