[SPEAKER_04]
You anti-proof spanner, you don't like the Rolling Stones?
Wow, you're anti-Majagger.
If you're offended by my rhymes, that makes you anti-rapper.
Call me racist, call me bigot, call me homophobe.
All because I know the difference in your chromosomes.
We living in a clown world got the only hope.
When these politicians puppets like Pinocchio.
I'm so anti-everything.
I'm so anti-everything.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm so anti-everything.
I'm so anti-everything.
Wait, but don't those two contradict each other?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm so anti-chromosome.
I'm so anti-Alex Jones.
Trump was in the movie so now I am anti-home alone.
Voted Biden cuz he said that he'd forget my student loans.
I think kids should be allowed to cut off their boobs and they don't.
I'm so anti two genders.
I'm so anti Bruce Jenner.
But wait, she's transgender.
She goes against our agenda.

[SPEAKER_04]
She's a trans exclusionary radical feminist, which is a term we just made up but doesn't really exist.
Call me racist, call me bigot, call me homophobe All because I know the difference in your chromosomes We livin' in a clown world, got the only hope When these politicians puppets like Pinocchio I'm so anti-everything, I'm so anti-everything, yeah, yeah I'm so anti-everything, I'm so anti-everything, yeah, yeah

[SPEAKER_15]
Tonight on VSRF Live, President and Founder of the National Vaccine Information Center, Barbara Lowe Fisher talks to Steve Kirsch about the real history behind our current childhood vaccine schedule.

[SPEAKER_10]
I testified in several hearings in Congress after the law was passed in 1999, most notably on hepatitis B vaccine when they in 91 made that a newborn recommendation and for all teenagers.

[SPEAKER_09]
The National Vaccine Information Center has received hundreds of reports of injuries and deaths following hepatitis B vaccination.
There's a clear pattern to hepatitis B vaccine reaction symptoms.
There are families with two or three members who have become disabled after hepatitis B shots.
Tragically for newborns and babies under two months of age, a hepatitis B vaccine reaction can end in death.
When parents looked at the medical literature for answers, they find few studies looking into hepatitis B vaccine reaction reports.
None deal with newborns.
Most of the studies look at vaccine efficacy, not vaccine safety.

[SPEAKER_10]
The way it's turned out, it was a huge betrayal of the trust that we put in government.

[SPEAKER_15]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez and we're so thrilled to have you here with us this evening.
Tonight is such a special episode.
It's not often that we're able to be in the presence of a true modern day warrior, but luckily tonight we are.
We will be speaking with Barbara Lowe Fisher, president and founder of the National Vaccine Information Center.
Barbara's story could be any one of our stories.
It's literally every parent's worst nightmare.
After taking her oldest son for a well-visit checkup, he suffered a convulsion, collapse, and brain inflammation within hours of his fourth DPT shot when he was just two and a half years old.
He was left with multiple learning disabilities and a tension deficit disorder.
and was confined to a special education classroom throughout his public school education.
This changed the course of Barbara's life forever and started her crusade for vaccine injury awareness.
We are looking forward to her conversation with Steve Kirsch tonight.
And speaking of Steve Kirsch, let's bring on VSRF founder Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Steve.
How are you this evening?
I'm good, Olivia.
Good to be here.
It's good to have you here.
So today I learned that there was a select committee on the coronavirus pandemic in, I guess in the Senate today or somewhere in DC.
Did you hear about this?
Oh yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
I didn't watch the whole thing, but I watched the key parts of it.
you know, it's pretty much as expected.
The authorities are saying it's safe and effective where there were only a few vaccine injuries reported.
We examined
All of them and any of the questions that they had from committee members who were skeptical of their testimony, they would basically deflect saying, well, you know, the studies show that it's safe and effective and blah, blah, blah.
So you didn't miss much, but it's always entertaining to watch this stuff happen.
And Peter Marks apologized to all the parents whose kids didn't get the vaccine because of misinformation spreaders and might have died and so forth.
And of course, I thought that was pretty interesting since I've reached out to Peter Marks and offered to settle this and find out who is exactly spreading the misinformation.
And Peter Marks never returns my calls.

[SPEAKER_15]
So, is it safe to assume that you did not get an invitation to attend today's hearing?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, that would be safe to assume, yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's amazing they don't bring in more people from both sides to have a conversation.
It seems very scripted and one-sided.
It is.
I actually pulled a clip, and I've got more that maybe we'll share later when you're talking to Barbara, but I'm going to start with this one and share with our audience this little couple of little clips.

[SPEAKER_02]
Our nation's vaccine safety systems play a critical role in protecting public health.
Every day, scientists, physicians, and public health officials work together as part of this system to monitor the safety and efficacy of vaccines to ensure the best possible products reach everyday Americans.
Their efforts have helped protect us from the threat of deadly diseases for decades.
and their efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic helped contribute to one of the most successful vaccine rollouts in history, which under President Biden's leadership led the country out of the depths of the pandemic.
In total, these efforts saved 3.2 million lives, prevented 18.5 million hospitalizations,
and save the United States an estimated $1.15 trillion in medical costs.
As a physician who went out into underserved communities to administer vaccines during the height of the pandemic, I saw firsthand the difference these vaccines made in helping our communities overcome COVID-19.
So at the end of the day, we were able to save so many lives, prevent so much illness,
and reduce a mountain of medical costs on our system because these vaccines were shown repeatedly to be safe and effective due to extensive clinical data.
And since then, our nation's robust vaccine surveillance systems and countless other studies have only reaffirmed the safety of these vaccines by monitoring for and evaluating serious adverse events.
which remain rare.

[SPEAKER_13]
And then when we went to finally do the biologics license application, we go through very large data sets.
For instance, the Pfizer vaccine had 43,000 people involved in clinical trials, about 21, 22,000 of whom had received the vaccine initially, and then thousands more received it after six months.
So we went through a tremendous amount of data, looked at the adverse events, and looked at the effectiveness data.
that plus looking carefully at the manufacturing.

[SPEAKER_02]
And what has the clinical trial data shown regarding the safety of the COVID-19 vaccines?

[SPEAKER_13]
The safety of the COVID-19 vaccines includes that there are some initial discomfort potentially in the arm, fatigue that could occur, and there are rarely more serious side effects.
We identified myocarditis and rare allergic reactions
Um, and, and thankfully by putting mitigation strategies in place, both of those have been decreased in, uh, currents.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's amazing to me that they can make these claims like literally countless.
There's no such thing as countless studies and they get away with anecdotal and just preposterous propaganda claims, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
I would love to be in a conversation with Peter Marks, or Dr. Ruiz, who was on the panel.
Oh, man.
That would be just awesome.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Well, we'll get back to some of that.
And, uh, before I bring Barbara, I want, I want to remind everyone that we will be having our Q and A after the interview.
So if you do have questions for Barbara Lofisher or Steve.
Please put them in the chat all caps question and we will do our best to get them to Barbara and Steve and also if you want to make a Super Chat donation, then we'll move your question up to the top.
Remember we are a 501c3 and we rely on your support.
So your donations throughout the evening would be greatly welcome and appreciated.
So without further ado, I want to bring on our very special guest.
Barbara Lowe Fisher, and don't forget to unmute Barbara before we start.
And hello, how are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm fine, thank you.
Glad to be here.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thank you for coming on, and I'm gonna read your bio before I let you and Steve start the conversation, because you are the defender of all kids across America for the last 40 years.
You are president and co-founder of the National Vaccine Information Center.
You authored several books on the subject of vaccine safety, and you've also testified multiple times before Congress, state legislatures, and other health agencies on the ruthless reality of vaccine science, policy, and law.
You've worked with Congress to secure vaccine safety provisions in the Historic National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 and have served as a consumer representative on federal vaccine advisory
and public engagement committees, including the National Vaccine Advisory Committee, the Institution of Medicine Vaccine Safety Forum, where you helped coordinate five public workshops on vaccine safety issues, the FDA Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee, and the Vaccine Policy Analysis Collaborative.
You've also coordinated scientific conferences, including
the 1989 international scientific workshop on pertussis and pertussis vaccines, as well as international public conferences on vaccination in 1997, 2000, 2002, 2009, and 2020.
Wow.
That is quite an impressive resume.
You are an authority on this subject.
Clearly.
Thank you for coming on this evening.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm happy to be here.
You have a very exciting show.
I love the intro.

[SPEAKER_15]
Excellent.
I like putting those together.

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean, the guy, the guy that was rapping was incredible.

[SPEAKER_12]
Hi, Rez.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
We, we love that intro.

[SPEAKER_12]
I thought you meant the, I thought you meant the house testimony.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, well, that too.
I mean, you know what, different, different testimony, but same testimony, different year.
I mean, they changed their story, never.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right.
I'm going to leave you with that.
I'll be back.
And when you want to share a clip, Steve, during this conversation for some more pertinent from that Senate committee, I'll come back and share some more video.
So I'll be back later.
Have a great conversation.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, Barbara, when you were talking about the intro and the rapper, I thought was like, like, maybe I missed something in that congressional testimony, because I didn't see anybody rapping in Congress.
I, like, that must have been pretty, I mean, to me, it's like, wow, these guys are like completely blue-pilled.
And of course, to you, it's like, this is exactly the same as it's been for 40 years, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
Nothing has changed in terms of their story.
All they want to do is deny and minimize the risks and failures of vaccines.
And that's part of the reason that we're in this situation today.
There is no accountability.
There's no oversight by Congress on these scientists and physicians and physicians of authority at the FDA, the CDC and NIH.
And they are the ones who convinced politicians during this COVID pandemic to do the things that they did, including mandating an mRNA biological product that really it was labeled a vaccine, but we both know is not really a vaccine in a traditional sense.
And now are denying the price that's been paid out there.
When you, you know, the vaccine advertisement reporting system,
that parents of vaccine of your children got into that 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act.
We've been monitoring, of course, since 1990 when it became operational, the reports that have gone into that system that you have, I think it's almost 1.6 million COVID vaccine adverse event reports filed with that system, which is over half of all the reports that have been made to the systems since 1990.
This shows you that this vaccine is extremely dangerous.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, the second question I was going to ask you is, do you think that this is the worst vaccine ever, but you just basically answered that?
I mean, this is by far.
So you would agree that by far this is worse than all the other vaccines combined.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, smallpox vaccine was really terrible.
I mean, it caused a lot of injuries and deaths.
Pertussis vaccine was highly toxic.
That was the vaccine, the whole cell pertussis vaccine in DPT shots that hurt my son and so many of the children until we were able to get a less toxic purified DTAP vaccine in here in 1996, which still can cause brain inflammation and encephalopathy and permanent brain damage, but does so.
and a far lesser rate than the wholesale pertussis vaccine, but COVID vaccine, this mRNA COVID product, it looks as if it's probably the most reactive biological product that we have, well, in some cases mandated people to get.
Certainly a lot of adults had to get it in order to hold their jobs.

[SPEAKER_12]
So were you more optimistic?
You know, when you first started this, you probably thought, oh, you know, I'm going to expose this.
This is going to be short lived in the next, in five years from now, everybody will know the story.
Here we are 40 years later and not much has changed.
Are you optimistic now or are you, you know, you've had 40 years of experience.
I've had quite a bit less than that.
And I always think that, oh, it's just around the corner.
It'll be, this will be over in a year or two years or three years.
You've been doing this for 40 years.
What's your sense?
Do you sense a turning point here?
Do you sense that this is no different today than it was 40 years ago, and that we could be 100 years from now, and there will be no change?
What's your prognostication?

[SPEAKER_10]
I remember when Dr. Harris Kulture and I were working for two and a half years on DPT, A Shot in the Dark, which was the first really documented
book published by mainstream publisher, Harke Bracevonovich in 1985, which was a shot across the bow of the vaccine system and caused a lot of controversy.
We thought that once that book was published and everybody knew about the broken vaccine system and how risky this vaccine was and that there was no real oversight on vaccine development and policymaking and licensing
We thought everything was going to change.
And it not only did nothing change, it got worse and worse.
And I've watched this unfolding for 40 years of the accumulation of power and money by what I now call the public health empire that involves the most wealthy and powerful institutions and
public and private corporations and government agencies in the world, the global public health empire.
And it really flexed its muscle in when this COVID pandemic emergency was declared.
And when you ask me, do I think, I do think that there has been greater public awareness now, things that we've been talking about for 40 years,
that were marginalized and were people kind of said, oh, maybe, but it's only one in a million times that a kid gets hurt.
Now people realize, especially when it was adults that were being pressed to get it, the children can't talk.
When they're screaming and banging their heads against their cribs and when they're convulsing and when they can't do what they could do before they can't articulate it,
But adults now and teenagers can articulate how they feel after they have been harmed by these vaccines.
And the conversation has widened, particularly because alternative media and shows like this and other, you know, like the big tree and others who have kind of opened up the alternative channels for communication, there's more public awareness.
But here's what I think Steve, this will go on forever.
The battle between good and evil
The battle between those who want to accumulate money and power and take control of people's minds and their bodies will go on for a long, long time.
And it's up to all of us to take the blinders off and to recognize what we're dealing with.
It's nothing less than a major assault on freedom of thought, speech, and conscience.
That's where it's gone now.
That's where we're at in the 21st century because we did not, our leaders that we elected did not choose to monitor and to provide oversight on these scientists and doctors who are creating these products and who want them mandated because they make a lot of money from it, you know?

[SPEAKER_12]
So, but do you think this is a, because as you mentioned, you know, the kids effectively are,
not able to talk as well as the adults, do you think that this, because the COVID vaccine is affecting adults and adults are realizing this because they've seen family members die or be injured from this vaccine, do you think that's going to cause there to be a turning point here that's going to happen that we're not going to have to wait 40 years?

[SPEAKER_10]
We do know from polls, we do know that from polls that have been taken recently and you do, you can see it in the medical literature because I, I monitor the medical literature pretty closely.
You can see the anxiety and the feeling that we're in, that they are in an emergency situation because there has been a loss of confidence in public health recommendations.
I mean, they are aware that, quote, vaccine hesitancy is really taken off in ways that they never anticipated.
I think somehow they thought everyone was going to salute smartly and not say anything when they got hurt after these vaccines.
They misjudged a lot of things in this coronavirus pandemic response.
Certainly the lockdowns, the forced masking, the six feet apart,
distancing, all of these things that encroached on individual freedoms backfired on them.
And if you listen to what Fauci's been saying, he acknowledges that they weren't prepared for it.
I could have told him.
When you start threatening people's right to autonomy, when you start taking away people's civil liberties, you're going to have a problem in America.
And in fact, I wrote a commentary late in 2023
about the weaponization of COVID to promote collectivism.
And I looked at a Lancet article that had been published by Peter Hotez and a bunch of public health folks around the world where they basically said the United States of America better get with it.
They need to move away from respect for individual freedoms.
They need to move toward collectivism and toward this idea that the state
and the community are more important than the individual.
They're furious about the fact that we live in a constitutional republic where we have three types of government.
We have federal, we have state, and we have local.
We are not centralized like China, like Russia, like the countries that have only one government.
We have a system of government that our founders gave us that allow us
For example, NVIC works in the states to protect vaccine exemptions.
We've been very successful in the states.
That's because of our form of government, but they don't like it.
The public health empire does not like the government of the United States, the Constitutional Republic of the United States.
So we need to be aware of what the attack is, what the real threat is.
It's the threat of a world government that they are creating at the United Nations, or they're trying to create.
where the United States and all other countries are supposed to salute smartly in terms of the people that are running the world government.
I know that some people will say that's a conspiracy theory, but all you have to do is look at the World Economic Forum and some of these other folks who have stated quite clearly that we all need to salute smartly when the United Nations and the World Health Organization declare a pandemic emergency.

[SPEAKER_12]
So do you think that's going to happen?
Do you think that they're going to seat control to the WHO?

[SPEAKER_10]
There's a fight going on right now.
There are people in this country who are fighting against what they want to do is change the regulations, the United Nations regulations, the World Health Organization regulations.
And they want to be able to say that all governments, including the United States, are going to have to obey whatever the World Health Organization says when they declare a public health emergency.
Is that going to happen?
I know this current administration is pressing very hard for that to happen.
Will it happen?
It depends upon us.
It depends upon us getting to our elected officials, our elected representatives of the state and federal level and making sure that it doesn't happen.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
But what do you think will happen?
How do you think this is going to end up in two years from now on this particular issue?
What is your prediction for what will happen?
I know what people should do.
But what is your prediction?

[SPEAKER_10]
It's going to depend upon the next election.

[SPEAKER_12]
And can I ask who you're supporting for president?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, I'm a registered independent.
And our organization does not lie with either political party, no religion or political power.
We are a truly secular and apolitical organization.
I can only say that I am very concerned that
the current administration is on the record is supporting these changes.
And I really hope that there's a reconsideration.
If there is not a change in leadership, I really hope that there is a reconsideration of this because I don't think the majority of the American people will be behind it.
And, you know, we have an opportunity in the states.
We do have an opportunity in the states and some states are taking it.
And that is to pass laws which say that the residents of this state are not going to obey the dictates of the World Health Organization or the dictates of the CDC if they go along with those regulations that are being decided in the United Nations.
We are a sovereign country.
Our constitutional republic, our constitution is clear.
We do not bow down to any other country or any world organization.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right, I'll switch to the topics.
Is there a safe vaccine?
Do you think there is a safe vaccine?
Like, were you?
Is there a vaccine that you would take?

[SPEAKER_10]
Any pharmaceutical product carries a risk, an inherent risk of injury or death.
It can be greater for some people than others.
And what really breaks my heart is that for 42 years, we have begged the scientists and doctors who are working at
of pharma in government funded universities to do the kind of science that will answer very basic science questions about vaccine risks and who is genetically epigenetically environmentally and biologically at high risk for suffering and vaccine reactions, injuries and deaths.
I always say we're born equal under the law, but we're not all born the same.
We come to the doctor's office with different medical histories, different genetics, different epigenetics, different microbiomes.
We don't all respond the same way to pharmaceutical products, including biological products they label vaccines.
The public health empire has basically made a decision
that some people can be sacrificed for what they consider to be the greater good.
That's a utilitarian rationale.
That's a utilitarian rationale that was basically judged by the judges at the doctor's trial at Nuremberg to be immoral.
An immoral pseudo ethic that props up this idea that some people can be sacrificed for the rest.
In the case at Nuremberg,
They were, doctors were on trial for crimes against humanity because they had experimented on people, captive people in the concentration camps and in the society and they had actually euthanized children who were handicapped and anybody that the state had decided was a threat to the economic or the well-being, the health well-being of the country.
And the judges at Nuremberg said, this idea that some can be sacrificed for the rest or that experiments can be justified because the advanced science and the betterment of society, it's an immoral pseudo ethic.
But public health has never abandoned the utilitarian rationale.
The utilitarian rationale underpins mandatory vaccination laws.
Because how can you mandate a product when not all people are bearing equal risk
If you are genetically or epigenetically or otherwise at higher risk for having an injury or death following vaccination, it means that not everyone in society are bearing equal risk.
That's discriminatory.
That is a de facto selection of the genetic and otherwise biologically vulnerable for sacrifice.
The ethical principle of informed consent to medical risk taking, which was affirmed at Nuremberg.
Yes, they were talking about scientific experiments.
But after World War II, after that trial, the major ethical principle underpinning the ethical practice of medicine, modern medicine, has been the informed consent principle.
And that's why I consider myself to be an informed consent activist, a natural rights activist, because I believe that this is a fundamental human right.
you should not be forced to take any kind of pharmaceutical product or engage in any kind of medical intervention without your voluntary informed consent.

[SPEAKER_12]
Agreed.
But back to my question, is there a safe vaccine?
Let me put it in the context of yourself.
Of all the vaccines that are out there,
Is there a vaccine that you think for you is more beneficial than it is risky where the benefits outweigh the risk?
Is there a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, let me explain why I feel so strongly about this, Steve.
Because I know that I'm genetically and epigenetically at extremely high risk for having a reaction and so are my children to vaccines.
I come from a family with autoimmunity and with certain kinds of disorders that I believe make me at genetic and epigenetic risk for having a severe vaccine reaction that could end in my injury or death.
We have severe allergies to medicines, to vaccines, to environmental pollen.
We have autoimmune disorders, et cetera.
I myself was left with a condition after I've had four bouts of COVID.
I had very severe cases of COVID and I understand the risks of diseases and I understand the risks of vaccines.
For me, at this point, the risks of vaccinating would far outweigh the benefits.
Now, if you ask me if there was hemorrhagic fever,
If there was a disease that was going, that was sweeping through our society where people were bleeding out in the streets, I mean, literally bleeding out in the streets, and there was a vaccine, I would have to consider it.
I would have to consider each vaccine based on benefits or risks for me.
And that's why I defend the right of everyone to make voluntary decisions.
My children, I have a second son who reacted to vaccines.
He was a left with disability.
But he had a very severe reaction to a DT and oral polio vaccination.
So not everybody is the same.
And that's why one size fits all vaccine policies are so dangerous.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, so is it fair to say that for the vaccines that exist today, and for the diseases that exist today that you would not consider knowing what you know now, I mean, I don't know if you care to admit if there were, if you've taken vaccines in the past and your experience with your.

[SPEAKER_10]
Of course, and my children were vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right, your children were vaccinated, so clearly you're not.

[SPEAKER_10]
Until my son had the reaction, okay, I mean,
I came, my father was an army officer.
My mother was a nurse.
I was vaccinated, not nearly like the children today.
Back when I was young, there were like, I had a smallpox vaccine on my leg.
I have a scar when I was like 15 months old.
We were still giving smallpox vaccine.
I had a couple of DPT shots.
I had polio, I had oral polio vaccine.
in the 50s.
That's it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, let me ask you a different question, which is, would you recommend any of the vaccines that are on the market today for anyone?

[SPEAKER_10]
Steve, I don't make the MVIC has never made vaccine use recommendations.
We're not doctors.
We are consumer advocates.
We, what we do is we defend, we work to defend and protect
the ethical principle of consent to medical is taking.
So I don't make vaccine use recommendations.
That's not my responsibility.
You know what?
Another reason why I don't do it?
Because if you do not take responsibility yourself and research and look at the vaccines and the diseases and make an intelligent, rational decision about what risk you want to take, you don't own that decision.
And if you don't own it,
You can't defend it.
When you only do what somebody else tells you to do, you don't own the decision.
And that's why another reason why I do not need vaccine use recommendations.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
Um, but just from a scientific point of view, is there any vaccine that stands out as having benefits that outweigh the risk or, or for anyone?

[SPEAKER_10]
You can't make that blanket statement.
because everybody is different.
For example, and I'll give you another example.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, no, no, I know everybody is different.
But I'm just asking, are there any vaccines that for, for a person would be recommended that the risk that the benefits clearly outweigh the risk?
Do you know of any vaccine?

[SPEAKER_10]
Let me give you a scenario.
Let me give you a scenario.
You are living on a farm.
And you have kids that run barefoot through the field that has cow manure.
And there's rusty, there's rusty nails and there's rusty.
That child is at greater risk for exposure to tetanus for getting a wound that doesn't have, isn't exposed to oxygen and potentially contracting tetanus.
That is a very different scenario from a child who is living in a penthouse in New York City, who has absolutely no potentially exposure to tetanus.
You cannot make a blanket statement for everyone.
Everyone needs to look at the vaccines and diseases and make their own decision.
I'm not going to make that decision for you or anyone else.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, but I wasn't asking you to do that.
I was just asking you if there are any vaccines that for the specific person who, like the child that you said is running around in bare feet and is going to step on a rusty nail, do you believe that there are vaccines where the benefits outweigh the risk for certain people?

[SPEAKER_10]
I think that's a decision.
Again, I'm sorry I can't answer your question.
Okay.
No, it's okay.
That's fine.
Okay.
Everybody's different and all the vaccines are different and you've got different manufacturers and, you know, you've got different situations.
And again, this country, we live in a free country.
The manufacturers are able to produce these vaccines.
The government is supposed to be regulating industry.
They're not doing it.
They're fast-tracking these vaccines to market.
They're not providing proper oversight.
on the science that the company's used to, to, to license the vaccines.
And then certainly you're not, there's not oversight on the mandating of these vaccines.
So my, my function is as a critic of vaccine science policy and law.
When I see a problem, I articulate it, but I don't make individual decisions.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
So your advice is caveat emptor.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, absolutely.
OK. Why are beware?
Absolutely.
And there should be no vaccine mandates.
There should be no vaccine mandates.
You cannot mandate a product that has an inherent risk of injury or death that can be greater for some people than others.
So I don't believe there should be any mandates for any vaccine.

[SPEAKER_12]
So there's a book by Brian Hooker and Robert Kennedy entitled, Vaxed Unvaxxed.
Are you familiar with the book?

[SPEAKER_10]
I've heard about it, but I haven't read it.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, so, but what it does is it shows that the studies where the kids are unvaxxed, the kids all do better than the kids who are vaxxed.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm not surprised.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I'm not surprised either.
So if you were to, you know, you're clearly about people should have choices, individual decisions and so forth.
You were the head of the CDC and needed to make a recommendation to the American public, you know, sort of default.
Would it be, oh, just make up your own mind or would it be, hey, you should strongly look at the data showing that compare them or what would your guidance be?

[SPEAKER_10]
I think that the companies certainly have the right to produce a product.
I believe that there should be stronger regulation.
of the licensing of the companies in terms of licensing regulations.
For example, the mRNA COVID vaccine, if you looked at the guidelines that were given to the companies, they were not required to prove prevention of infection and transmission.
What they only were required to prove was at least a 50% efficacy in
lessening the serious symptoms of COVID disease that resulted in hospitalization or death.
That's a very low bar.

[SPEAKER_12]
I thought it was 50% of fewer infections.
was the criteria, because that's the only thing they mentioned.
They're sorry, that's the only thing they measured in the trials.
What they measured in the trials was the reduction in infections that fewer people would get infected.
And their criteria was a 50% reduction in symptoms of COVID, serious symptoms of COVID disease.

[SPEAKER_10]
It was not about prevention of infection and transmission.
I can send you the document.
And so the problem was that they promoted it
as a product that would prevent infection and transmission.
And you had the president get up and say, get this product, get these shots, and you will not get infected or transmit.
And that is not true.
I did a commentary on it when it first came out because I looked at the regs right away, and I saw 50%.
And you know what was confusing to me in the beginning?
I knew there was something wrong.
They were making a distinction between the SARS-CoV-2 virus
and COVID disease.
And I thought, why are they doing that?
Why aren't they calling it a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine?
Why are they calling it a COVID vaccine?
Why is there this distinction?
And then when I read the regs, I said, only 50% efficacy in preventing serious COVID disease that results in hospitalizations or death
That's the prevention of SARS-CoV-2 viral infection and transmission.
And this was the first product that's, again, labeled a vaccine that was put out on the market under an emergency use authorization.
Never before has the government said everyone should take a biological product that had not been fully licensed.
I've never, that had never happened in the 40 years that I've been here.
But, you know, the thing was that in the 80s, in the 90s, and in after 911, a series of laws were passed.
Pieces of federal legislation were passed by Congress.
And what it did, what those, what that legislation did was pave the way for this public health empire that we see today.
And one of the things that they did was make it easier for these vaccines and medical products to be fast-tracked, to licensure whenever public health emergency was declared.
And so it's really in the 21st century that we've seen this huge growth in power, not only at the federal level, but also at the state level, because within a week of 911, literally a week of 911,
They said, weapons of mass destruction.
We've got, there's weapons of mass destruction, bioweapons.
We need to trot out.
We need to go into the, into the storehouses of this Wyeth Dryvax smallpox vaccine.
We need to dilute that vaccine and make enough for everybody in the country.
And then they said, we need, we, we gotta look at civilians having to take anthrax vaccine too.
And then they tried it out, the Miles State Health Emergency Powers Act, that they had paid a professor at Georgetown University a million dollars previously to rewrite the public health laws at the state level in this country.
What did that Miles State law do?
Well, it would give more power to the public health officials at the state level than whatever the federal government declared a public health emergency.
They could quarantine people.
they could, you know, these draconian measures.
Well, NVIC and the ACLU and a number of other groups tried to get informed consent protections in these laws.
Most of the states passed some form of the Milestate Health and Emergency Powers Act.
So it's been in the 21st century, really ever since 911, that we've seen this growth of this public health empire and part of the problem
has been Congress has allowed the federal agencies to develop public private business partnerships with the pharmaceutical industry.
And that business deal is one of the reasons we've seen what we saw with these COVID vaccines, billions of dollars, not only on profit making by these companies, but that the government spent on this whole pandemic response.
So it's a serious situation and it's
bankrupting our country, not to mention all the serious disease we see in our country because these highly vaccinated populations are very sick.

[SPEAKER_12]
I wanted to be sure to thank you for MedAlerts.org.
That is my favorite various query tool and it's sponsored by your organization.
I guess you funded it a while ago.
It is such an awesome tool.
It's very easy to use.
And I use it all the time.
And in 30 seconds, I can find out answers to questions that nobody wants to find out the answers to.
But thank you for that tool.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, we're proud to sponsor that.
In the very beginning after Veris was put into that law,
the government would produce computer that we're talking back in the in the nineties, okay, the early nineties, when very few people really had personal computers, they were starting internet was just starting up.
And what we would do is we would FOIA the computer the information from the CVC and on the and we would get these weird encrypted things.
And then we had to hire a computer programmer.
And he would then decode everything.
And then we would produce
with this paper, hot lots of DPT vaccine, because what we found was certain lots of DPT vaccine were associated with many more reports of convulsions and deaths, et cetera.
And, and, but then finally the creator of Med Alerts, Dr. Rubin.
Yeah, Steve Rubin.
He came in, genius that he is,
And he came in and he created this meta alert system.
And after about three years, we decided to sponsor it.
And we're going to be making some tutorials and other things that will help people.

[SPEAKER_12]
So that anyone can look up their own symptoms.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, it's a great tool.
And Steve has been super supportive and I'd find a bug and he'd get right back to me.
And so he's just been really awesome.
It's an awesome tool.
And, uh, you know, just a few, uh, minor bugs that he, that he took care of.
And, uh, it's, it's been just really, really.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_10]
I think it's an important resource.
And, uh, so thank you for mentioning that.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
So true or false, do vaccines cause autism?

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, vaccines cause a brain and immune system dysfunction that can be labeled autism.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
The 1986 law, it granted a liability protection to the manufacturers.

[SPEAKER_10]
That seems like it gave partial liability protection to the vaccine manufacturers.
They were still on the hook for design defect failure to make a vaccine safer.
The doctors when that law was passed were still liable for medical malpractice lawsuits.
That's what a lot of people, the myth has been that it was a complete liability protection.
It was not.
The complete liability protection came in 2011 when the government and all the pharmaceutical companies and all the medical trade organizations and public health organizations
sided with Wyeth in a case called Bruceowitz versus Wyeth, which was a DPT vaccine injury case.
It was a design defect case.
And because they did that, everybody lined up and then there was NDIC and a few other organizations representing parents and vaccine children.
The Supreme Court majority was Justice Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissenting a brilliant dissent.
the Supreme Court majority said basically no more lawsuits, no more lawsuits against these manufacturers.
And in the same week that they completely indemnified or effectively completely indemnified that pharmaceutical industry for vaccine injuries and deaths, they held the car manufacturers liable for failure to make a safer seat belt.
So, you know, it's a very powerful lobby.
It's the most powerful and wealthiest lobby, the pharmaceutical lobby on Capitol Hill.
And it was the Supreme Court that did that, not Congress in 1986.

[SPEAKER_12]
How's your son doing?
Your son is, what, 45 today?
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_10]
He actually just turned 46.
OK. All right.

[SPEAKER_12]
I was close.
Yes, you were.
I didn't know.
I didn't know his birthday just happened.
Statistically, I had to be in this year.
So I got, uh, okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, Chris, he did have to stay in a self-contained classroom for the learning disabled throughout his 12 years of school, but Chris is a very determined person.
You know, the brain does make new pathways.
He worked very, very hard.
Um, and he, uh, Greg, he became a videographer and he is married and he is a productive member of society.
And, and, and one of the reasons I continue to do this work
is because I know that it could have been different.
I see all these children who had been catastrophically injured and who cannot function in society and whose parents will always have to care for them.
And I know that I could have been that parent.
And so we all have to have compassion
for the people who have paid the price when the risks of vaccination turn out to be 100%.
And I think I'm most upset about the discrimination against families of vaccinated children and families who have loved ones who have been vaccinated, the bullying, the, you know, the shaming, blaming, because these government health officials and these scientists and doctors who are profiting from this public health empire,
are not, it's not fair, it's not right.
And, you know, we have to stand up, like I said, for the informed consent principle, we have to get free, free ourselves from this draconian mandatory vaccination system.
Because if we don't, it's the only thing we have left.
They've taken away the liability.
There's no accountability for these federal agencies.
Congress passed that law and walked away.
If there's not going to be any accountability, there cannot be mandates.
And that's why NBIC is working in the state so hard.
And we've been very successful, particularly lately, through the NBIC Advocacy Portal at nbicadvocacy.org.
We have been trying to hold the line on not only on vaccine exemptions, but what we're seeing is we're seeing states, legislature, legislators who are passing laws, for example, like saying,
that there will be no COVID vaccine mandate in the state.
This is a pathway to having them open their minds to the rest of it because the same system that brought you the COVID vaccine brought you all the other vaccines.
It's the same system.
And so until people understand, all the vaccines have to be looked at.
There has to be a national vaccinated versus unvaccinated study.
There have to be biological mechanisms of science that finds out why so many people who get vaccinated suffer chronic inflammation in the body that never resolves and affects the brain and the heart and the pancreas and the joints.
these autoimmune diseases that are the basis of it is chronic inflammation.
What do vaccines do?
They create an inflammatory response in the body.
And if that inflammatory response does not resolve, you have chronic inflammation and a whole host of chronic diseases and disabilities that stem from that.
So the answer is the science, no mandates and accountability
The company should be liable for design defect, at the very least.

[SPEAKER_12]
Absolutely.
Funding for NVIC, where does that come from?
And how much funding do you get a year?

[SPEAKER_10]
It's a miracle that we're still here.
It honestly is a miracle.
Because they have thrown everything at us.
I was taken off of all four social media platforms, NVIC in 2021, taken off of YouTube,
Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter, Elon Musk put us back on around February 23 of 2023.
So we're back on X, but we're off of all the, all my commentaries for 15 years taken off of YouTube without warning.

[SPEAKER_12]
And then- Gone forever, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
Gone.
We're trying- Did you get backups?
We have just gone into our library that we had on hard drives and we're just reconstructing
making a library and starting to put them up on Rumble and we're going to have other places that we're going to try to put them up.
But, you know, they could agree.
When I really knew that they were coming after us was when members of the House of Representatives from one political party sent a letter to the CEO of PayPal that processed
our donations through Network for Good and told them to defund us, told them to stop processing donations to NVIC.
That was a couple of days before Christmas in 2021.
Without warning, we were called and told in the middle of our end of year fundraising campaign that no more donations would be processed because PayPal had said, and they didn't give a reason, had said there would be no more processing of our donations.

[SPEAKER_12]
So you found out later where it came from?

[SPEAKER_10]
I found out that a letter had gone from the House of Representatives members of one political party to PayPal.

[SPEAKER_12]
To PayPal.
And then all of a sudden, you can't receive PayPal payments.

[SPEAKER_10]
We can't.
That network for good couldn't process the donations.
And you know, it was a political operative out of England in Ramamut.
Center for Accounting Digital Hate that started the attack on NVIC after our conference, the fifth International Public Conference on Vaccination in October of 2020.
And within a month or two of that, he created something called the Anti-Vaccine Playbook.
He published it.
And I was on the top list in the NVIC to be taken off of social media.
and he published a series of reports, and he was actually asked to testify in Congress.
I believe it was in 2020 or 2021, testified several times.
And his attack then was picked up by officials at the highest levels of government, this government, the Department of Health, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and in publications,
I wrote a report called the silencing of Barbara LaFissure in the National Vaccine Information Center, an attack on freedom of thought, speech, and conscience.
And it's an 80-page report with over 400 libeling preferences.
And I submitted it to the US Judiciary Subcommittee on the Weaponization of the Federal Government.
And in that report, I did a deep dive for three months last summer
And I was stunned.
Steve, I was absolutely, I mean, I have suffered attacks and discrimination and demonization and that kind of thing over the years.
But I had no idea that it was happening at the highest levels of government.
And it took me a while to really be able to deal with it.
And then I decided I was going to write this report.
And when I got through with it, I remember the night I got through with it, I finished the last sentence and I said, it reads like a crime novel.
And I was disgusted that things had come to this in this country where people can be attacked simply for exercising freedom of speech, simply for trying to make the public health system safer and more effective.
That's not America.
That's not the America I grew up in, you know, my parents grew up in.
So this is very serious.
And I encourage everybody, please go on NVIC.org and look at our information, over 2,000 pages of information, highly referenced.
Sign up for our free online NVIC advocacy portal at NVICavacy.org and get involved.
Make sure that you know what's happening in your state.
We put it up on that portal.
All the bills that are, the vaccine related bills that are moving in your state are on that portal.
And you can then, if they have hearings, almost none of them have hearings, you at least can show up at the hearings.
You can at least click on your state representative because you'll be hooked up with your own state representative.
Then you can communicate with them on the portal.
Don't let somebody else do it or think somebody else is gonna protect your freedom.
You have to protect your freedom.

[SPEAKER_12]
So have you ever talked to, it's Imran from the Center for Countering Digital Hate.
Have you ever talked to him?

[SPEAKER_10]
No.
He's vicious.
The rhetoric that he put out and the rhetoric that was in these government documents that I found.
Calling us domestic threat actors and malignant and ignorant and selfish.
This should not be acceptable coming out of government.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yep.
Well, I reached out to him and he blocked me.
I can't say I'm surprised.
But I noticed that your name was not individually on the disinformation dozen, but your organization did make it into the report.
So you see, the disinformation doesn't, people think it's just 13 names.
They call it dozen, but it's really 13 names.
There's also a list of organizations that should be de-platformed.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, yeah, that's right.
If my report shows the series of documents that he published, the series of reports, on the anti-vax playbook, I was number one, an NVSE.
On the disinformation dozen that was publicized internationally really well.
I was not on that 12 list, but I was down 12.
Okay, then the pandemic profiteers, the pandemic profiteers report that he did, my picture was at the top, right under a dollar sign.

[SPEAKER_12]
There you go.
What a joke.
How much did you make?

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, my God.
I mean, MVIC is like this little micro charity, right?
We're a micro charity.
And you've got
billions and billions of dollars that the pharmaceutical industry and government and medical trade.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Push these vaccines in the big media corporations.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And literally, I see, you know, it's your grifters, according to them, right?

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
It's really a joke, but kind of a.

[SPEAKER_12]
So, so where, where, where does the funding, uh, from, for individuals and from small, um, uh,

[SPEAKER_10]
private family foundations.

[SPEAKER_12]
And how much do you get a year?

[SPEAKER_10]
Our budget is between one and $2 million a year.

[SPEAKER_12]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_10]
And we have 20 employees, but compared to the compared to the other big charities and the other big organizations, we're the smallest.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, no kidding.

[SPEAKER_10]
Major voices.

[SPEAKER_12]
And have you done a final question before Livio pops in?
Have you done anything on the tainted transparency side to try to get these public health records made public?
Because when you do that, it's harder for people to ignore the evidence.
So they still do it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Which public health records?

[SPEAKER_12]
Are you familiar with the New Zealand data leak?
where they leaked a vaccine records of.

[SPEAKER_10]
I've heard something about it.
I don't, I haven't.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm no, I'm no one that did that.
I got a copy of the original database.
So I obfuscated the data and released it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Nice.

[SPEAKER_12]
And you know, not a single epidemiologist in the entire world has said, I analyze this data and it's perfectly safe.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Not a single one.

[SPEAKER_10]
Congratulations.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
But what does that tell you?
I mean, that tells you that honest epidemiologist is an oxymoron.

[SPEAKER_10]
There's a lot of fear among scientists and doctors who are afraid to lose their jobs.
They're afraid to go against the monolithic public health empire.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah and you know it's hard to blame them because I sat with the wife of a prominent individual who has been speaking out about this and she's in in radiation oncology and she's not able to
freely communicate her views.
And I said, well, how do you, you think, uh, uh, like half of your colleagues are redpilled or not?
And she says, I don't know.
I can't ask them because I'm afraid to ask because just bringing up that question, then it will expose me to all sorts of hate and, uh, I'll lose my job and all this stuff.
And so it's like, there is such fear and intimidation.
in the medical community today, it is unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's always been there though, you know.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's always been there.
No, I know.
I know.
Yeah, no, I know.
It's still unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_10]
I know.

[SPEAKER_12]
And, you know, 40 years later, it's still unbelievable to me that we have this kind of situation.
OK, so, Livio, come on back and let's get to the questions.
Thank you.
It's a great conversation.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you.
I enjoyed it.

[SPEAKER_15]
Before I get to the questions, I wanted to get back to that select committee meeting today.
And Barbara, I wanted to get, I found the timing a little inconspicuous considering this WHO World Health Organization pandemic treaty is coming up in May.
And now there seems to be a little, you know, we're gonna focus people's attention here.
So I'm gonna play another clip and see how you responded to the clip and also about the WHO treaty.
Here comes this other clip.

[SPEAKER_13]
Do the COVID vaccines cause turbo cancers?
I'm a hematologist oncologist that's board certified.
I don't know what a turbo cancer is.
It was a term that was used first in a paper in mouse experiments describing an inflammatory response.
We have not detected any increase in cancers.
with the COVID-19 vaccines.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you.
And I thank you for correcting the record.
May I just add something here?

[SPEAKER_13]
I do need to apologize to the thousand or so parents of children who are under four years of age who have died of COVID-19 who were unvaccinated because there were deaths and are continuing to be deaths in children.
And that is the reason why they need to get vaccinated.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
And I agree with you 100%.
And the fact that we are now having parents that are choosing to vaccinate their kids less than before because of all of the attacks on vaccinations is shameful.
And it's shameful that members of Congress continue to put down vaccinations as an opportunity to get our communities healthier.

[SPEAKER_12]
Wow.
I'd love to have a conversation with that guy.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, with Ruiz.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, no kidding.

[SPEAKER_15]
So he's basically saying, oh, the vaccines are going down, or people choosing to get them going down.
What do you think that is, Barbara?
Is it because people are having adverse effects, or is it the misinformation that they claim?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I think that this growth in vaccine hesitancy, as they call it, is really a culmination of the last 40 years.
The awareness was growing.
that vaccines carried risk that were not being acknowledged by government, greater risk than what they were willing to acknowledge.
All through from protestant's vaccine to Hib vaccine to hepatitis B vaccine, Gardasil vaccine, pneumococcal, meningococcal, you know, there were reports continuing and this growth in the schedule
from 23 doses of seven vaccines in the 1980s, the 72 doses of 17 vaccines starting on the day of birth now.
And so when COVID hit and they decided to fast track these vaccines, and they hit the, they targeted the adults first and then the children, people were already asking questions.
And when they started to look at the lack of science, good science that was behind,
the fast-tracking of these COVID vaccines and the emergency use authorization that they were put out under.
It was like this perfect storm.
And they saw the back and forth of the public health officials, first you were supposed to wear masks, then you weren't supposed to wear masks, then you were supposed to wear, I mean, they saw this sort of chaotic response and they started to distrust public health official recommendations.
And that then the awareness about the vaccine, problems with the vaccine,
spilled over into the other vaccines.
So it's true, the polls are showing that there's more questioning of the people, particularly parents, of vaccine mandates for other vaccines than just COVID.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, but I wonder how much is due to the so-called misinformation spreaders versus people's personal experience with what's happening to their friends and their loved ones after they've taken the vaccine.
And I suspect that it's a
It's a combination, but that it's driven mostly by people's experience because I've talked to my friends.
I said, when did you start believing me?
And they said, well, after three of my friends died unexpectedly, I started thinking that what you were saying would be true.
So it's interesting.
It's not they're believing the misinformation spreaders.
It's that they're being driven
to believing the misinformation spreaders, the so-called misinformation spreaders, because they're seeing this stuff happening firsthand in people that they know, their friends or family members.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, they took, you know, first of all, we don't spread misinformation.
We actually talk about convenient truths.

[SPEAKER_12]
And yes, I'm an, I'm an inconvenient truth.

[SPEAKER_15]
Super spreader truths.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
So we're spreaders of inconvenient truth.
And I should probably have new t-shirts made now.
They took me off of all of these platforms took NBIC off and, and they took a lot of other people off and they did everything they could.
to stop the spread of truth.
And yet the people, like you say, Steve, personal experience is powerful.
You don't forget personal experience.
It becomes part of you.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's what drove you, right?
That's what woke you up was personal experience, right?
You didn't know beforehand.

[SPEAKER_10]
I was, I consider myself an educated woman.
I was among the women who went to college in the 1960s, in the first generation of women who graduated from college in greater numbers than ever before.
I thought, I came from a medical, my mother was a nurse, I had grandfathers and uncles who were doctors.
I grew up talking about science in medicine.
I really thought, I understood, I did research before my baby was born.
I was gonna breastfeed, I was gonna have prepared childbirth.
I was a woman, but I never been dreamed.
I never even crossed my mind that vaccines that my doctor was getting my child to keep him healthy would ever hurt him.
Are you kidding?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
And so if I had come to you before your son was injured, I would have had to vaccinate your child.
Of course.
Yeah, so if I had tried to convince you that vaccines were harmful, you would have told me to get out of your house.
You're in that case.
What would you have said if somebody had approached you?

[SPEAKER_10]
I've always been an independent thinker.
I was taught to be a critical thinker by my father particularly.
He was an Army officer, but he was a historian.
He taught history actually at one point in a college.
But I always was taught to not just go along with the group or along with what everybody else was saying.
So if you had said to me, if you had made an argument to me, I would have gone, you know what, maybe I need to look further.

[SPEAKER_09]
But no, we never did.

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean, no one ever said that to me.
And you know, I had to tell you this really quickly, this short story of when my son, my son had, Chris had a reaction to his third DPT shot.
It was a hard lump that came up at the side of the injection.
This was, would have been in 1978.
And I remember, you know, saying, that there's something wrong.
Stay there for weeks.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, that's not normal.

[SPEAKER_10]
I finally call the doctor's office and I said, look, Chris has this really hard hot lump at the, you know, where his shot went in.
And she said, oh, the thirst said, oh, it was a bad lot of DPT vaccine.
Don't worry about it.
Oh.

[SPEAKER_12]
What a relief.
I thought it was because it was a bad vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
I said, should I bring it back?

[SPEAKER_12]
It was just a bad lot.
So the quality control sucks and they still haven't done anything about it.
But it's okay.

[SPEAKER_10]
But as a mother, I thought, my immediate thought was I said, should I bring them down for another one?
Because what I thought was it was too weak that it was expired, that it wasn't potent enough.
And I thought my baby wouldn't be protected.
I didn't think it was a reaction.
That's not what I thought.
And she said, Oh, no, no, you don't have to bring them down now.
Just bring them back the next time.
So see, we're wired.
We're hardwired, particularly people who are quote educated are hardwired to believe that the experts.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Not for these things.

[SPEAKER_12]
The experts, they know they never lie to you or they know experts would never lie to you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, it's interesting that you've had people that said to you, I think you were right.
I haven't had anyone say that to me, but I have had a lot of people say, I'm not getting any more injectables.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
They won't, they won't acknowledge that maybe, you know, they shouldn't have got it to begin with.

[SPEAKER_10]
Look, there's a lot of questioning going on.
And that's the one thing, plus if you can say there was a plus from the last three, four years of this horrible experience we've all been through with COVID vaccines and the origins of COVID and the same scientists and doctors who created this lab engineered virus who also created the mRNA COVID cell destructor biological product is that there is greater awareness.
for whatever reason, Steve, whether it's because, you know, whatever reason it's for, it's happened.
And I take part in that.
I have always, I'm a glass half full kind of person.
And I've always felt that at the end of the day, that the freedom and the idea that we have the right to have freedom of thought, speech and conscience is in our DNA in America.
And that we will as a people stand up and fight for our right to have
these public discussions, by the way, this is a great discussion.
I've really enjoyed it.
And it's the kind of discussion that should be going on, you know, on all the major media networks, not just alternative media.

[SPEAKER_12]
And unfortunately, we can't have that, can we?
Because when we invite anyone from the other side to have a conversation like we're having right now, they always decline.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
I used to debate doctors in the 80s and 90s on TV and radio all the time.
that they don't do it anymore.
Why?
Because back then, there was competition between independent TV stations, radios in magazines, and it was diversified communications industry.
Now, only about what?
Six.
Only about six major corporations own everything.

[SPEAKER_15]
There is conversations going on.
I'm going to play one more clip from today's select committee meeting on the COVID and the coronavirus pandemic.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm concerned that with today's hearing, my Republican colleagues have failed to handle this subject with the care our public health officials have asked for, recklessly amplifying the spread of misinformation about the COVID-19 vaccine.
And while my colleagues on the other side of the aisle may claim that today's hearing is only about the COVID-19 vaccine, they cannot and must not ignore.
the fact that the COVID misinformation, intentional spread of this information of the COVID-19 vaccine has resulted in across-the-board decreases in immunization levels over the last few years.
In fact, the world is experiencing the largest global decline in decades in the number of children receiving basic immunizations.
A recent survey conducted by the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania found that the number of Americans who viewed vaccines as less than effective has increased since April 2021.
According to the survey, roughly one in three Americans think it's likely safer to get COVID-19 than to get the vaccine.
One in six Americans believe that vaccines cause autism, and Americans are now less likely to consider getting the measles, mumps, and rubella vaccines than they were in April 2021.
As a mother of two boys, I am deeply concerned about what this means for our children, especially when we are seeing outbreaks of previously controlled diseases like polio and measles pop up, not just in other countries, but right here in the United States.

[SPEAKER_15]
Wow.
So they're acknowledging it.
No hope for her.
But they don't want to have the conversation as to why people are actually choosing not to get vaccinations.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I mean sticking your head in the sand is not going to solve the problem.
The responsibility for the people questioning vaccines lies at the feet of the people who have refused to listen to the suffering of the people for a long, long time and what they're trying to say and what happens to them after vaccination.
The science hasn't been done.
The standards have been lowered at the FDA.
The CDC policymaking is just rubber stamp whatever the vaccine companies want.
And that's the reason that people are questioning.
They don't trust the system anymore because they've been lied to.

[SPEAKER_15]
And I'm going to ask a question from the audience.
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, if they want to create trust, the first step is to stop lying to people and then admit that you lied to people and show people why it's not going to happen again.

[SPEAKER_10]
I agree.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, that doesn't seem like that's so simple.

[SPEAKER_15]
Question from Welcome the Eagle.
Does does Miss Barbara know about the Ver's throttling of reports?
And he has another question that's similar.
Do you think Ver's deletes legitimate reports, not fake, not duplicate, but legitimate ones?

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, that's probably a question that I need to put to Dr. Rubin.
who operates Med Alerts because he's been doing this for a long time.
And I know that he has a good relationship with the vendors that are operating theirs.
I have not heard him say that he believes that they are deliberately deleting reports.
Now, there have been some with the COVID vaccines that he's been watching and has been questioning because sometimes they'll be there and sometimes they won't be there.
but I'm not an expert on the operation of VAERS like Steve is.
I'll ask him the question though.

[SPEAKER_15]
Great, thank you.
Maybe you can get back to us with that.
We'll share that in a future episode.
I have a mixture of two questions from Tatanka Nguyen and Marie F65.
I'll start with what have vaccines done to the blood product supply?
And what do you think about the need for our blood supply to be separated by vaccination status?

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't blame people for wanting to get blood.
that has from a source that someone who has not been gotten the mRNA vaccines.
I don't blame them for that.
We absolutely do not know the long-term effects of this biological product that basically, as I call a cell disruptor biological, it disrupts the cell function.
In my view, it's still an experimental product that we really don't understand the long-term effects.
These nanoparticles that are delivering this mRNA into the cells of the body and changing the way that the cells function is a very risky enterprise.
And, you know, there's a reason why those mRNA vaccines that were being developed didn't get licensed.
They tried for a long time to license those vaccines.
And then all of a sudden this pandemic and they rushed this mRNA product to market.
And now they're going to try to base many of the other vaccines they're creating in the mRNA technology.
And I think that the people have a right to have much more information.
And they certainly have the right to say no.
But the theory is still out on the safety of this product.

[SPEAKER_15]
Any thoughts on that, Steve, on the blood supply for

[SPEAKER_12]
I think it's super helpful to have a blood supply that comes from unvaccinated people.
I mean, there's so much evidence that a blood from vaccinated people is quite dangerous.
And it's not in 100% of the cases, but I haven't heard of anybody who said, yeah, yeah, we have to screen out the blood from
that's donated from certain vaccinated patients because it's going to lead to clotting issues and people we transfuse it to, and you don't have an admission until you have an admission of that the blood supply is not safe.

[SPEAKER_15]
Thanks for that.
Question from Flock 12.
And this is about a tweet that Dr. Kent Lindley sent out, I believe today maybe, that please ask the team in Barbara about the new law in France.
And I'm going to share my screen here.
And we did find an article in France.
It says, uh, France criticism of MRNA will be punishable in the future.
A new criminal offense in France could in future land people in prison who encourage people to withhold appropriate medical treatment according to science.
The law was pushed through the national assembly on Wednesday.
Critics call the law article Pfizer.
Wow.
Wow.
Article Pfizer.
like you would be in prison.
Dang.
And we did do some research.
And that passed?
That passed?
According, I think there was a vote today.
Now, I haven't done my own personal deep dive into find this information if it actually passed or not.
But this has been going around today on on X.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, I guess I'm not moving to France anytime soon.
No.
That would kind of crimp my style.

[SPEAKER_10]
But what, well, you know, many years ago, I'm talking the 80s, certainly in the 90s, I did public speech, I started public speaking.
And I predicted that you would not one day in this country, I wasn't thinking the world, but one day in this country, you would not be able to function in society and interspublic spaces unless you had received all government recommended vaccines.
I understood that because when I was sitting at the table with public health officials and with pharma and with
medical trade, I knew that their ideology and their utilitarian ideology was going that way.
And I remember when I would do the speeches, people would come to me and say, great speech, but you know, at the end, you know, when you said that people wouldn't be able to do that.
Well, I've got my religious exemption, I filed that, and I said, you can't, in the future, you may not have that.
And of course, we've seen the attack on exemptions to vaccination in the States.
And we've seen what happened in California in 2015 when magically there were a few cases of measles that were identified at Disneyland.
And we saw the public health empire circle the wagons and take the personal belief exemption away from California.
And then we saw the same thing in 2019 with measles and how they blamed the Orthodox Jewish community in Brooklyn and in New York City because their children weren't fully vaccinated.
or weren't vaccinated, I guess, for these measles outbreaks.
And we saw that the religious exemption being taken away in New York.
And you're going to see this scenario repeated over and over again with different microbes where they are blaming the people who are not vaccinated.
And what they're not telling the people, including about measles, is that you can get vaccinated and you can still be infected and transmit.
They're not telling the people that there's waiting immunity among young adults who have been vaccinated from measles.
There's a lot that they're not telling the people about the truth about vaccine risks and failures.
And you can find it in the medical literature.
You can find it there.
I'm actually going to be publishing a commentary on measles soon.
So I think it's about education.
It's about people waking up and not assuming like I did when I was a young mother.
Oh, they would never lie to me.
Trust your doctor.
No problem.
Trust but verify.
I think it was Reagan.

[SPEAKER_15]
I can't remember.
That leads me directly into a question from Jeannie.
What do you tell mothers who truly believe that they are doing the best thing for their kids by getting them vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_10]
I always, again, I don't make vaccine use recommendation.
I think it's a really important when people are very, very convicted to have a belief system that you listen to them, that you offer the information that you have, the truth that you have.
But at the end of the day, unfortunately, everyone has to make their own decision.
And then they're going to have to live with the consequences of that decision.
There are no guarantees in life.
There was never ever a guarantee that in this world there would be no death, no disability, that everything would be wonderful.
And so you have to take responsibility and then you have to live with the decision you make.
And I often say these choices that involve a risk of injury or death are among the most profound choices that we make in this life.
And that's one of the reasons we have to be free to make them.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yep, absolutely.
Well, just to follow up with that, RJ Zablaki asked, to my friends who will cite representative Ruiz as a source of trusted information, how do I simply counter them, elevator speech, without taking a four year course in vaccinology?
That's a great question.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's a four minute argument, right?
For your course in four minutes You know, I guess enjoy with the facts You know a lot of these legislators have really Come to Kool-Aid.
Let's face it.
They don't open their minds They they will I saw it in California.
I testified in California in 2015 When that bill was going through SB 277 That would take away the personal belief exemption and I remember getting
I remember when I started speaking, they all started shuffling papers.
Some of them walked out of the room.
Some of them talked to each other.
They don't want to hear.
They don't want to listen.
They don't want anything that challenges their belief system.
It's up to us to elect people who will listen.

[SPEAKER_12]
The one way to answer that is just to counter it with a question, which is, isn't it odd all these people, prominent doctors who used to be pro-vaccine and now
A lot of these guys are anti-vaccine, even though they lost their jobs or lost their medical licenses, they're still talking about this.
What is driving all of these respected people, like Peter McCullough and Paul Merrick, people like that?
What is driving all of these people to go from being pro-vaccine to anti-vaccine?
What do you think is behind that?

[SPEAKER_10]
Conscience.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, no, no, I'm saying, I'm saying that, you know, to counter, to counter the, hey, you know, this guy is saying it's all, it's all rosy is like, dang, sure, a lot of these respected scientists who have very high H, H indexes who are switching over to saying vaccines are not safe.
And I, I don't think there's a single prominent
person that I'm aware of who has switched from being against vaccines and saying that they're not as safe and effective to being, oh, I was wrong.
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
Like Barbara, are you aware of anybody who has been on the vaccines are not as safe as effective?
And then switched and said, oh, I got it wrong.
I'm sorry, I got it wrong.

[SPEAKER_10]
No, not in my experience.
But you know, Steve, I really do think I'm very tells you a lot, doesn't it?
It does tell you a lot.
And I'm very, very excited and encouraged about the caliber of physicians in prominent positions of university, et cetera, who are putting it on the line and are.
I mean, I've seen there.
I see the bodies looking back over 40 years.
I know the physicians and scientists that I've worked with over the years, the handful who were brave enough to come forward.
And talk about, for example, the risks associated with DPT vaccine.
Eminent scientists at UCLA, Dr. John Menkis is one of them, Dr. Marcel Kinsport.
Really, they came to my conferences when nobody was holding those kinds of conferences.
And I feel if there is one big thing that could happen that could potentially stop the public health empire from going where they're trying to go, it would be this
that the scientists and doctors who are in positions, important positions in universities, adding government, et cetera, listen to their questions and are intellectually honest and step forward.
I believe that, you know, I believe the people, I'm a populist.
I believe the people have a great deal of power too.
But we need people inside the system to say, this system is rotten to the core.
It is broken.
We need to change it for humanity.

[SPEAKER_12]
And you know what?
All we need is one doctor to lead that charge.
And we have a few that are pretty prominent that could do that.
I'm actually surprised it's
It's not happened.
But the other way to respond to our friend who asked a question about how do you counter-ruise is to say, isn't it funny that there aren't any debates that all these people who say that vaccines are safe and effective, why are they all afraid to debate people who disagree with them?
You know, they're on the payroll.

[SPEAKER_10]
They just like to call people names, you know.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, try to discredit people.

[SPEAKER_12]
I know I've been a victim.
I've been a victim.
I've been a recipient from Dr. Shiva who claims they don't know how to analyze data.
And so I finally am able to get and ask him some questions.
about the data and about the signals in the data, and every response is a personal attack saying that I support Bobby Kennedy.
Every response from him.

[SPEAKER_10]
This is how... You know, back in 2009, we were talking before the show started, I was called a liar in the pages of Wired Magazine by Dr. Paul Offit.
She lies, he said, offering no backup information or evidence from
for that statement.
And I sued him for defamation and I sued Condi Mast and I sued the reporter who had written the story.
And when it came for the judge in Virginia, he said, oh, often just lost his cool for a minute because she didn't understand the science.
And they're both public figures.
And when you're discussing vaccination and public health,
Freedom of speech is that it's zenith.
First amendment right to freedom of speech.
Where is the first amendment right to freedom of speech now?
If talking about vaccines and public health is that it's zenith.

[SPEAKER_12]
You're not allowed to talk about that.
No.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, currently in France, you're not going to be allowed to talk about it.

[SPEAKER_12]
No, not unless you want to go to jail.
So have you talked to Paul off it since then?

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, I met Paul a couple of times over the years.

[SPEAKER_12]
And what happens?

[SPEAKER_10]
I met the Capitol Hill and then
in a TV station in New York.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'd like to be a fly on the wall to have seen that.

[SPEAKER_10]
I had just debated.
It was actually, I can't remember which network it was.
It was John Stossel.
If anybody remembers where it was on.
Anyway, Ava was coming in to go up and be interviewed.
I was coming out of the interview and the producer came down and got all upset that we were down there together.
And I said, let's go back up and let's debate.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
That wasn't happening.

[SPEAKER_12]
No.
Oh my gosh.
I thought that would have been.
So what did you say?
The producer just said, no.
So off it didn't respond.

[SPEAKER_10]
He wasn't going to do that.

[SPEAKER_15]
I know.
I know.
Too much to lose.
Well, Barbara, you are an incredible person.
It's been just an honor to have you on here tonight.
And we want to invite you to Twitter Spaces after the show if you want to join us.

[SPEAKER_10]
If I can figure out the technology on my cell phone.

[SPEAKER_15]
Maybe we can figure that out.
We got a few announcements to make, but where can people find you again?

[SPEAKER_10]
NVIC.org is our mothership, our big website.
NVICadvocacy.org is our advocacy in the states.
The vaccinereaction.org is our weekly journal newspaper.
And then medalords.org is the database of VAERS that we
where you can search all the vaccine reactions for all the vaccines.
So we have four websites.

[SPEAKER_15]
Excellent.
We'll go to the websites, folks, and you'll get a lot of great insight and information there.
Thank you very much, Barbara, and we hope to have you back.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'd love to come back soon.

[SPEAKER_15]
And hopefully we'll get you over to Twitter Spaces.
So thank you for coming on.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, thank you.
Steve hang in with her with me for, for a few minutes.
Uh, that was riveting.
Um, she's just such a wealth of knowledge and information.
Oh my God.
And she's been battling for 40 years, 40 years and still at it.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, I'd have been discouraged.
I think after 40 years, I would have said, you know, 40 years, I'm like, uh, uh, I'm done.
But I think she's right in that her statement about, we got to go and convince these doctors to join hands and say, these vaccines are unsafe.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Got to happen.

[SPEAKER_15]
No doubt.
Well, before we go, I am going to finish with a montage that I clipped up this afternoon from today's select hearing committee.
It's infuriating, but then also got some people that are countering their arguments.
a little bit of both.
So if you want to enjoy some of the highlights, I will be playing that after we're done here.

[SPEAKER_12]
But I do want to do you don't want to miss this.
This is this will be good.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Hearing was was unbelievable.
The kind of stuff that comes out of people's mouths.
I mean, people are going to look back at that.
You know, I hope I hope it'll be within the next few years and look back at that and say, man, what were these guys

[SPEAKER_15]
Smoking.
I really think they're priming people for this pandemic treaty approval coming up in May.
It seems to me, because why wait till now to have this?
this big hearing and they didn't show up at some of the other ones that that we've had uh... so i want to also remind people that we are a five one c three of you enjoy what we're sharing and all the work that we're doing please support us you can go to our website back safety dot org backslash donate there's our support page uh... any amount
is helpful no amounts to small and of course no amount is too great so anything you can contribute would be really great for us and also want to remind people that steve's favorite book
Turtles All The Way Down is available as an audiobook and is currently on sale on Amazon.
And if you have not read it yet, please order the audiobook.
It's worth a listen.
And of course, 10% of the proceeds goes to VSRF.
So go right now.
And if you have not read it or listened to it and grab yourself a copy of Turtles All The Way Down, another great way of supporting us.
And I also want to announce, and I'm running a few screens here, that the
COVID Litigation Conference is coming up very soon.
March, let me get this one up first here.
Stand by, let me get you this graphic first.
March 7th and 8th in Las Vegas, we have all the great warrior lawyers who will be there in attendance.
The last conference in Atlanta was great.
This one's coming up in Vegas.
Let me share what I have here.
Oh, tickets are on sale now, and we have a great promotion running 35% off for our VSRF friends and family.
You get 35% off the code is VSRF35.
So if you haven't been to Vegas in a while, now's a good time to go there and attend this conference at the Horseshoe Hotel in Las Vegas.
Are you going to be there, Steve?

[SPEAKER_12]
I think my presence will be felt in person.

[SPEAKER_15]
Excellent.
Yeah, I'm planning to make an appearance as well.
And I have one more way for us to share here.
I just always like to share our swag shop.
And if you want to get some of our fantastic gear, we've got candles, hats, mugs,
cups, t-shirts, sweatshirts, you name it.
You can't go wrong with buying yourself some gear or buying it for others and sharing it.
And we got to defeat the mandates and of course my favorite is the misinformation super spreader shirts and of course mandate hugs.
So those are available to shop for and help our cause.
And I think I've hit the end of the line, Steve.
It's always fun to chat with you on Thursday nights.
And here you talk to these amazing people that we bring on.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, it's always a pleasure, Olivia.
So we have great guests and I'm always, um, I'm always learning something.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Same, same here.
So same time next week.
Hope you join us again next week.
And I'm going to end with this.
I believe it is about 10 or plus minutes of highlights.
So, uh, try to definitely want to watch this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's good stuff.
All right.
Have a great evening.
You want to thank you for joining us and we'll see you all next week.
Same time, same place.

[SPEAKER_08]
Dr. Marx, we spoke over the phone back on August 10th of 2021, and I was asking about VAERS because I had lots of constituents reaching out to me saying there was tons of adverse effects, there was thousands of deaths, et cetera, and they were very concerned.
And I asked how many were confirmed.
And at that time, you said four.
There were four cases
that you confirmed deaths of that were caused by the vaccine.
And I suggested at the time that the CDC and FDA do a better job of telling the public not just how many cases were reported, but how many were actually confirmed.
And just if I heard you right, just recently you said, well, we don't want to give out too much information because of,
privacy rights, but certainly we could put out how many were confirmed deaths, couldn't we?

[SPEAKER_13]
Congresswoman, thank you so much for that question.
I fully agree with you that we probably have not done a good enough job of communicating at sometimes the actual numbers of deaths versus what's in there.
In fact, we just nearly fell prey to it here at this hearing.
There are
Only handfuls and I'll ask dr. Jernigan to comment on this as well handfuls that we can actually associate Can I ask why you haven't done it?

[SPEAKER_08]
I mean this was August of 2021 I suggest it seems very logical to me that if you're saying people the public shouldn't count on there's because anybody can report to that which they can and
Why wouldn't you, as actively report to the public, well, we confirmed this really low number of cases that actually were caused by vaccines.
I mean, it's been years now.

[SPEAKER_13]
Why haven't you done it?
We did present that in various settings, including, I believe, at the advisory committee of immunization practices.
It was mentioned at our vaccine advisory committee.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm not a doctor, but I have a PhD in recognizing bullshit when I hear it.
I'd like to point out to everyone that we knew early on, as a matter of fact, everyone knew early on that the people that were at risk of hospitalization and dying of COVID were those that were obese.
had diabetes, were over the age of 65.
We also knew that children were at no risk, practically zero risk of being hospitalized or deaths from COVID-19.
We knew that young people, healthy young people were not at risk.
However, Dr. Marks, you rushed through this process of authorizing
These vaccines, even though you knew the side effects, you knew about myocarditis and you knew about the studies.
So let's be very real about the situation that we have.
Here we have, let's talk about the reports on VAERS.
Some people in here are trying to belittle these reports, but these reports come from people.
people that died, people that got injured.
And in December, in the middle of December, I think it was the 10th or the 11th, the first vaccine was approved.
It was authorized under emergency youth.
Boom, 10,596 reports in less than a month.
2021 706,767 reports on VAERS for vaccine injuries and deaths.
2022 it was 206,676.
2023 and it went going down because the mandates stopped.
Now let's talk a little bit more about the vaccines.
Here we have reports, deaths, 18,372.
Permanent disability, 17,842.
Hospitalizations, 86,452.
Emergency room or office visits, 315,048.
Serious adverse events, 113,449.
This is from the Congressional Research Service about VAERS.
All kinds of injuries, miscarriages, heart attacks, myocarditis, permanent disability, neurological problems, and it goes on and on and on.
These are the reports from people being forced to take vaccines.
Shouldn't have happened.
Mr. Grimes, I've just told you the numbers of reports.
However,
Under CICP, there are only 10,640 of these COVID-19 claims are currently pending or are in review.
And as of January 1st, 2024, CICP only compensated 11 of the 40.
Oh, wait.
Let's make that number clear to everyone.
Only 11
People have been compensated.
Only 11 people have been compensated.
Out of the 40 COVID-19 claims that determined were eligible, only 40 were determined eligible.
That is amazing.
And the average award was only about $3,700.
On the other hand, the average VIP payout over the last 35 years is approximately $490,000.
If you die or get injured from a COVID-19 vaccine, your average payouts
$3,700.
I'd like to recognize someone in the room today is here, Brianne Dressen.
She's met with you, Dr. Marks.
She's met privately with you about her vaccine injuries.
She participated in a clinical trial.
She was injured and then she was dropped from the trial for the COVID-19 vaccines.
Her medical expenses are $433,000 a year.
She filed with CICP.
Mr. Grimes, she's got no response.
She's right here.
Could you raise your hand, Ms. Dressen, please?
Thank you.
Perhaps you could meet with her after this meeting.
Dr. Marks, you admitted to her that vaccine injuries are real.
that they're real, although you rushed through the authorization and now you've authorized that children should receive these vaccines and even babies as young as six months old.
That is shameful.
That's shameful.
I'm not asking you a question.
I'm going to continue speaking.
Thank you.
This is my time.
The National Institute of Health also saw Ms. Dresden for her neurological complications that have been quite severe.
They studied her, and then they dropped the study and asked her to be quiet about it.
These are the real stories of the vaccine injured.
They were totally, completely wiped off of social media.
There's been thousands of peer reviewed medical studies.
Thousands of them studying vaccine injuries.
They are real.
People are dying.
People are having heart attack strokes, blood clots, and many other countries are dropping the COVID-19 vaccine and saying we shouldn't give them to children.
It's time to be honest about the vaccine injured and we need to stop allowing these COVID-19 vaccines to be given out to children.

[SPEAKER_05]
The gentlelady's time has expired and now recognize Mr. Garcia from California for five minutes of questions.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm sorry you all had to go through that.
That was a lot of conspiracy theories and wild accusations, which we now have been debunked by by medical science.
And we should be clear that vaccines work and save lives.
And they have millions of lives in this country.

[SPEAKER_07]
Does the COVID-19 vaccine prevent the disease from getting it from you receiving the disease?
Does it?

[SPEAKER_13]
You can't have a yes or no answer to that question because it it will reduce your risk of serious outcomes such as Right, I'm not I'm not debating whether or not it helps people It mitigates some of the but what the I care if I'm alive or dead So I think they they do a very good job of preventing death and hospitalization they may not prevent a
they may not prevent I agree at infection.

[SPEAKER_07]
The mantra at the time was to stop the spread.
And so we were understood that we either did not receive it or could not transmit it when it was released.
Could you speak to that, Dr. Jernigan?
Can you receive it or can you transmit it after receiving the COVID-19 vaccines?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I think having worked at CDC for 30 years and seeing the benefits of vaccine, you know, we have to make the best recommendation.

[SPEAKER_07]
Can you transmit it or can you receive it after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine?

[SPEAKER_06]
We need to make the best recommendations that we have.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's a yes or no question.
It's very simple.
Commander Grimes, can you receive?

[SPEAKER_00]
I think we make the best recommendations for the public as we possibly can.

[SPEAKER_07]
Can you still get COVID after getting the COVID-19 vaccine?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay.
That's correct.
Does it prevent you from transmitting it?

[SPEAKER_13]
Although it may, there's data that shows that earlier in the pandemic there was some reduction in transmission.
The data on that are very challenging to pin down, but it does not absolutely prevent transmission.

[SPEAKER_07]
It does not prevent transmission.
Thank you very much.
I would ask you, Dr. Jernigan, why does the CDC website then
listed as a vaccine preventable disease, and why does it call it a recommended immunization?

[SPEAKER_06]
Vaccine preventable diseases are referring to things that benefit from getting the vaccine.
What we know with COVID is it does prevent you from getting severe disease, hospitalizations, and deaths.

[SPEAKER_07]
I agree.
No one's questioning that.
No one's questioning that.
But it's listed among these other.
The issue right now and why we're seeing a bunch of vaccine hesitancy is because the information coming from the federal government has been murky at best on this subject.
And so people don't know what to trust.
And so my question to you is why do you list this along with other very proven that have a long set of scientific data as a vaccine that prevents disease?

[SPEAKER_06]
All vaccines have variable different levels of effectiveness.
And so this is a vaccine preventable disease just like all the others are.

[SPEAKER_07]
OK. You've done a great job of filibustering my time.
I'll have to yield back.
