[SPEAKER_03]
Generals gathered in their masses Just like witches at black masses Evil minds that plot destruction Sorcerer of death's construction In the fields of bodies burning
As the war machine keeps turning Death and hatred to mankind Poisoning their brainwashed minds

[SPEAKER_08]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch is joined by legendary author, public speaker and serial entrepreneur Clay Clark, who's been traveling the U.S. with his popular Reawaken America tour, covering some of the most important topics of our time.

[SPEAKER_11]
What got me waking up to a lot of things was aspartame.
My wife's always talking about, you don't want to drink aspartame.
Do you know what that is?
And I'm going, what?
My wife says, look at the ingredients of what's in this beverage or what's in this food or what's in this.
And my wife would pull up these ingredients and every time she would tell me, you don't want to eat this because this does that to the human body.
And she was right.
And I'm going, these are major companies putting massive amounts of this crazy chemical
in our food knowingly.
And then I started looking at the smoking thing, and I'm like, how long did they know that smoking was killing people?
We have people who are smoking good.
Smoking doesn't affect me at all.
Smoking is fine.
Smoking, smoking.
And you're like, is the guy who's defending smoking, does he have a stoma?
Is that what's happening?
And you're watching these people just lie in your face.
And I thought, if they're gonna lie about that,
And then my friends are coming back from overseas and they were lied to about—they were lied to for recruitment purposes for the military-industrial complex.
I'm thinking, what else are they lying about?

[SPEAKER_08]
Good evening and welcome to another special episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and as always, I'm thrilled to be here with you all tonight.
Clay Clark will be joining us this evening.
Clay is a force to be reckoned with in the realm of entrepreneurship and leadership.
He is the organizer, emcee, and host of the General Flynn Reawaken America Tour, which has been traveling the local cities across America since 2021.
Also joining us this evening is Shauna Carroll, the courageous and grieving mother of Auburn Grundy.
She is here to share her daughter's tragic and heartbreaking story.
Before we begin, I want to say a huge thank you to all of you who've stepped up over the last month to help support us.
And I would like to remind everyone that VSRF depends solely on your support, the public donations that you bring us to this weekly show, and we need your financial support now.
Please, please consider donating us to us tonight and on a monthly basis, just five bucks a month from our loyal audience
What help to fund our operations and ensure v s r f survival during twenty twenty four and beyond.
And it's a really important time for us to continue the work that we're doing your contract contributions are tax deductible and we simply cannot do what we do without your help so please donate today and without further ado i want to bring on founder of v s r f.
Steve Kersh.
Good evening, Steve.
How are you tonight?
I'm good.
It's been quite a week.
It's been quite a week that we've had since we were live last week.
A lot going on in the world.
It seems like almost upside down world, like everything that we've been talking about for the last three plus years.
Now the mainstream is talking about it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it's certainly the New York Times helped.
I know there's someone very close to me that read that and thought I was a nutcase before reading the article and now she thinks that I might be right.
Really?
What was that conversation like?
It wasn't a conversation.
I heard of you a third party.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, but they haven't contacted you.
No, not directly.
I found the article to be quite aggravating, actually, because there's still a lot of gaslighting going on the way they're framing it.
And not only did they not contact anyone on our side who's been talking about this for a while, there seems to be an acknowledgement for purpose.
Something else is going to happen.
What are your thoughts there?

[SPEAKER_10]
I don't know.
I mean, you know, I just think that there is
So much going on that they had to acknowledge it.
And the article was a kind of a step in the right direction, but not acknowledging the scope.
The scope of the vaccines injuries has got to be at least three million people seriously injured.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
They keep minimizing it.

[SPEAKER_10]
Three million people.
Right.
That's not rare.
And in fact,
I know of a concierge physician.
And he says that he sees about 20% vaccine injured in his practice.
And other doctors, yeah, 20%, that's of the people who got the vaccine, obviously.
He has a 1,500 patient practice, 500 of them got the shots.
despite his warnings, and 20% of them are vaccine injured.
And so because he has a small patient base, he can make those assessments.
But I've talked to other doctors who see only a few percent, like 5% rate of vaccine injury.
So you're looking at 10 million or more people in America who are likely vaccine injured based on these stats.

[SPEAKER_08]
And meanwhile, AstraZeneca got pulled quietly recently.
And I love the headline here.
AstraZeneca is withdrawing its COVID vaccine worldwide, citing low demand.
That's why?
Because not enough people are wanting it or taking it?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I guess we don't need it anymore because it's not really COVID, it's not really killing people.
Since Omicron, Omicron was a big drop, like an order of magnitude drop in the deaths from COVID.
And so that made a big difference.
So I guess maybe that's why people aren't going after the shots because they know that, but actually very few people know that.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
That's why they're hurrying up these cancer mRNA.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you got it.

[SPEAKER_10]
You got to take those that because when you get the COVID shot, then it causes the turbo cancer that would be cured by the cancer shot, which would then probably create some other side effect that they'll give you a shot for that as well.
So it'll be continuous.

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.
Create the problem and then come up with the solution.
That's an old trick.

[SPEAKER_10]
Surprisingly, we don't have a peanut butter vaccine.
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
You would think for nut allergies, they would have come up with something by now since so many people have nut allergies.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, because they got those from the jab.
So when you look at my previous surveys, one of the signals is, of course, food allergies, which would include peanut allergies and so forth.
And
the odds ratio on that is more than a factor of two, which means most of the problem of food allergies are being caused by vaccines.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I, there were so rare that when I was growing up, if anyone had a peanut allergy, but then it became very common as I got older.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Correct.
Yeah.
And I was looking at the graphs, the graphs start to,
to take off somewhere around 2012.
Yeah, everything.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'll be writing an article about it.
So I'm going to bring on our first guest tonight.
You know, I feel lucky that he showed up during the Black Sabbath Warpigs video.
So he didn't have a chance.
I didn't have a chance to talk to him, so I feel safe in not getting attacked tonight by our guest.
So like last week, but I'm going to bring on Clay Clark.
Hello, Clay.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you for joining us this evening.
Oh, you're muted.
Sorry.
I had to mute you earlier.
Hit the little button on your computer, the little microphone button.

[SPEAKER_11]
This just in, user error.
Guys, thank you so much for letting me be here with you.
And I won't be attacking.
I'm not sure who attacked you last week, but I will not be attacking.
I'm actually very appreciative for the work you guys do.
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you.
I'm going to read your bio.
So the, for those in our audience that are not familiar with you and your work, um, you are the host of the thrive time show podcast.
We're going to not, yeah.
I wonder, uh, clay in the settings, you can hit the, uh, the little wheel and audio.
There's a echo cancellation button that you can click on your microphone.
If you can see that on your screen.

[SPEAKER_11]
Okay.
Let's see.
I am a high maintenance guest today.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_10]
But you shouldn't be getting an echo because you've got, you're wearing headphones.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
But he might need to pop echo cancellation on, uh, but yeah, that doesn't make, that makes no sense.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, that's been invented the optical mouse.
So he would probably know, whereas I use the optical mouse.
So I, let me see here.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
We all got headphones on.
So it's a little.
Headphones on and there's echo.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Come on.

[SPEAKER_08]
That makes that makes zero sense.
Okay Not sure what to make of it, but I'm gonna keep someone have a speaker on play Do you have a speaker on and at your place?

[SPEAKER_10]
I do

[SPEAKER_11]
Uh, yeah, just my headphones, but I can mute, uh, Olivia, while you're, while you're talking there.
I'm not really sure where the, why don't you, why don't you try that?

[SPEAKER_10]
Let's see what happens.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Try to mute for a second.
And I'm going to read your bio and then I'll step aside.
Uh, so let's see here.
You are the host of the Thrive Time Show podcast.
I'm still hearing the echo, aren't I?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I'm still hearing the echo.

[SPEAKER_08]
which has achieved the top spot on the iTunes business podcast charts multiple times.
Clay is the father of five children, former US SBA entrepreneur of the year for the state of Oklahoma and the founder of several multi-million dollar companies.
Clay is also the organizer and host of the very successful Reawaken America Tour, which has been traveling all across America since 2021.
They will be making their last and final stop for the Reawaken America Tour next month in Detroit on January 7th and 8th.
And actually, I've got an edited version of your promo.
If you guys don't mind, I'm going to play that right now, because it's really fun.
I'm going to play the promo for the final reawaken America tour right here.
And then I'll leave you and Steve to it afterwards.
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_11]
On June 7th and 8th, the reawaken America tour heads into Motown in Detroit, Michigan for the final reawaken America tour, Michigan Megable.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, on June 7th and 8th, three-awake in America tour heads to the home of Governor Wichmer, the home of lockdowns, Motown, and it's going to be profound.
Ladies and gentlemen, get those tickets right now at TimeToFreeAmerica.com.

[SPEAKER_00]
Gretchen Whitmer has spent most of her working life in the grubby smallbore confines of Michigan State politics.
That is not a training ground for excellence.
She banned the sale of carpets and paint and potted plants.
She told people they couldn't fish or go to church or drive alone to their own homes.

[SPEAKER_06]
Today I'm issuing a stay home stay safe executive order for all Michiganders and it goes into effect just after midnight tonight for at least the next three weeks.
We know that this rally endangered people.
This kind of activity will put more people at risk.
And I hate to say it, but we know that some people will gather anyway.

[SPEAKER_11]
And that is why we are taking the final reawakened America tour into Detroit, Michigan on June 7th and 8th.
Once again, folks, we're taking the final reawakened America tour into Detroit, Michigan on June 7th and 8th, 2024.
You can now come and see Dr. Judy Mike of it's Julie Green Amanda Grace Dr. Simone Gold the powerlifter and wife of Eric Trump Laura Trump Jean Hope Roger Stone the woman who woke up the world with the pandemic series Dr. Judy Mike of it's the hilarious Jim Brewer Dr. Peter
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
What does that mean?
That means you can name your price.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, you can name your price.
We want every single American and married Americans to be able to afford a ticket to the reawakened America tour.
The reawakened America tour.
Get those tickets today at time2freeamerica.com.
Klaus Schwab, Yvonne Noah Harari, Henry Kissinger and the World Economic Forum.
They have their get togethers at Davos.
But we have the Reawakened America Tour so you can learn the truth about election fraud, medical fraud, religious fraud, and to get back to God.
Ladies and gentlemen, 70-plus speakers are featured during this two-day epic event.
Each and every Reawakened America Tour event has been 100% sold out, and these events will be sold out as well.
Request those tickets today at time-to-free-america.com or for faster service.
You can text them the number 918-851-0102.
Again, it'd be bi-lingually sensitive.
You can text them the number 918-851-0102.
That's 918-851-0102.

[SPEAKER_08]
I love it.
Clay, I muted you again because the echo was coming once you unmuted.
So let's try it again, see if you unmute, and then I'll step aside and let you and Steve have a chat.

[SPEAKER_11]
If I need to run with scissors to improve the audio quality, I'll do that too.
I apologize.

[SPEAKER_10]
Sorry about that.
Yeah, I muted.
Yeah.
So Clay, Clay, the echo was coming from your side, but hopefully, Olivia, we're not having an echo now.
Great.
So, and Clay, you can hear me.
I can hear you wonderfully.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Hey, I was just checking your background.
You ran for mayor a while back.
Oh, boy.
Is that not right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Let me tell you that story real quick, Steve.
I had built a very successful company.
There's an entertainment company.
I don't own it anymore, but it's called DJConnection.com.
We used to do about 4,000 corporate events and weddings per year.
So about 80 events per weekend.
And I sold the business.
And in Tulsa, we had somebody who, their policies, in my opinion, from my opinion, mirror that of what you would see in Governor Gavin Newsom.
That would be my best analogy.
And she was running unopposed.
And I met her at an awards event because she presented me with an award.
And I thought to myself, how is it possible that she's running unopposed?
And all these people that were well known in Oklahoma weren't going to run.
And so I talked to different candidates and they all said, well, she's not beatable.
And so I decided to run because I knew who she was.
I talked to her on the phone, not often, but sometimes.
And I knew that she was a real human who I thought was really beatable.
And in the local AM and FM radio and local TV polls, I was winning by a lot.
And it's not because I'm a genius.
It's because we have 77 counties that are Republican.
There's 77 counties that are Republican in Oklahoma.
All the counties are Republican, essentially.
And so I had like a 6 out of every 10 likely voters was voting for me.
So I had like a 60%
It looked like I was going to win.
And then last minute, all these big time candidates that everybody knew, big household names, they started calling me saying, hey, is there any way you could bow out and help me?
Because I didn't think she was winnable, but now that I see that she is winnable or is beatable, do you really aspire to be the mayor?
And I said, I don't really want to be the mayor.
I just want to stop radicalism and Tulsa.
I saw this coming.
And so I ended up bowing out.
But that was a thing.
I believe that happened around 2008, maybe 2009.
It could have been later than that.

[SPEAKER_10]
2009.
2009.
Yes, sir.
And so did what you did, your bowing out lead to her loss?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, yes, the person that decided to run ended up winning and that's kind of how that all ended there.
But again, it's a thing where she was running unopposed and I felt like that didn't make any sense to me.

[SPEAKER_10]
Good.
Well, speaking of public officials and accountability, I was wondering if you've got any techniques that you've used successfully to get public officials to pay attention?
Because I just recently had a potential breakthrough in that one of the members of the Board of Supervisors, Santa Clara County, basically is going to forward my request to the Santa Clara County Public Health Department.
And I was just amazed when I got the call because I've been calling this guy for weeks multiple times and has been totally ghosted.
He calls me back and he says, okay, I'm willing to do this and contact my staffer.
Well, the staffer hasn't responded yet.
But I did get the former mayor of San Jose to contact the health department too.
And amazingly, the health department returned his calls, but they never returned any of my calls.
And he only had a call twice.
And they said, they told him that the health department basically doesn't want to talk to me, that the only way I can interact with the health department would be at the board of supervisors meeting where I could submit my question, and they could answer it, and there will be no dialogue.
So it's like, you know, one question every month is not going to resolve this.
Is there a way that you have found other than getting these people under deposition in a court of law to get answers to questions from public health officials?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I'll tell you, and I'm not gonna get you or myself sued on today's show, but I am gonna give people some examples.
And I have this year, in the last three years, I've met with lieutenant governors, met with mayors, met with governors, senators, congressmen.
And what I have found, and this isn't universally true, this is just my experience, I've found that most of the elected officials, I know this sounds horrible when I say the word most, but most of the ones that I have met
are pageant people.
And someone says, what's a pageant person?
It's somebody that looks wonderful.
They're a great veneer.
They really have the wave nailed down.
They've got great cuff links.
They dress sharp.
They've got a narrow waist.
They're in the gym two hours a day.
They're eaten lean.
They look sharp.
They just have wonderful new veneers put on their teeth.
They just have the lobotox.
You can't tell if they had it done.
The hair is professionally done.
These people look like they're going to a pageant.
And so they spend about nine times as much time on the hair and the look and the style.
And then, you know, maybe if they have a chance, maybe 10% of their day has spent thinking about policy and what they're actually doing.
And so I don't know if that's intentional or not, but I have found, like as an example, I found one lieutenant governor back to your question.
who I just relentlessly put pressure on them through the media, you know, I make sure that I'm doing press releases, and then I'm putting relentless pressure through the media.
So I'm hosting events and rallies that call into question their logic and decisions.
I'm also calling every single person they know.
I'm being very intentional, looking for people they know.
And I'm calling those people and I get these meetings.
And we had one Lieutenant Governor, I won't tell you what state he's from.
And he says to me,
Clay, do you think that the Great Reset is a real thing?
And I said, well, it's a book written by Klaus Schwab.
It's a real book.
And you can really buy it on Amazon.
And Klaus Schwab also calls it the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
So yes.
And the immediate segue, Steve, was, well, with all the lockdowns and all that stuff, if they do that again, do you think our state could position itself to be a state that could be really conducive for tourism?
And I, what?
And the guy says, I'm on this tourism committee, and my job for my state is to help bring more tourism.
So if they do another lockdown, can I keep your card?
Because I'd like to get in touch.
Because I think what we could do is we could say we could position our state as more of a freer state.
And that could allow us to really rebrand.
And can I show you our logo?
And I'm not kidding.
I go, your logo?
He's like, oh, yeah.
We've got a research team.
We're working on a new branding campaign for the state.
Let me show you this logo.
And there was no concerns about the constitutionality of lockdowns, quarantines, curfews, masks, aren't modifying nanotechnology in the shots or technology.
No concerns about polymerase chain reaction tests, PCR tests, no knowledge of Kerry Mullis, no interest at all in the self-assembling nanotechnology.

[SPEAKER_10]
And then there's no self-assembling nanotechnology.

[SPEAKER_11]
And then my final question the person asks me is they go, do you think that Dell BigTree is real?
And I said, what do you mean, real?
They go, well, there's a few people that have said that he might be real.
I just didn't notice.
He seemed real to you.
And that was like the extent of the penetration that I was able to have.
And that was after months, Steve, of buildup and emails.
And we thank you.
And we want to, of course, invite you.

[SPEAKER_10]
And so were you able to assure him that Dell Big Tree does, in fact, exist?

[SPEAKER_11]
uh... the conversation we had i ended like this i said uh... who you get this from and this person says my wife really thinks that that he might be real and i said well i i've met del and person on one occasion i was a serious researcher and i know he has a lot of concern about the technology in the shots
And so in right away, he's like, yeah, I heard about it.
I don't know if he's legit.
Because as soon as I mentioned the shots right away, I don't know if he's legit because it escaped his pageant mind.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
OK.
So then this you said was lieutenant governor.
Did I get that right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
This is a particular lieutenant governor.
I met lieutenant governors, governors.
And I have found one governor actually, Steve, sent me a copy of one of my books that got banned on Amazon.
I'm not trying to sell the book.
I'm just telling the story.
The book got banned on Amazon for hate speech.
And all it was was explaining that models are false, PCR tests are false, and treatments are real.
And the governor sent me a picture with themselves holding the book.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
And they sent it to me.
And then their handler, I called the handler to set up an appointment.
And the handler just kept saying, they would love to meet you next month.
Next month.
Next month.
Next month.
And by the time.

[SPEAKER_10]
You have the picture though.
I do have the picture.
Have you used it?
Have you put it on Twitter or anything?

[SPEAKER_11]
I did post it and the way I've found with these officials is that they say
We are honored to meet you via email.
We're honored to meet you, so excited to meet you.
Let's nail down a time.
And then there's always this weird situation, because I say anytime 24-7, I will rearrange my life to be there.
Let's do it.
And then they say, last minute, oh, we're sorry, due to this and that, we had to move to this time.
And they just do it rather than saying, oh, they just keep acting like, oh, shucks, we gotta move it to a different time.
It's a very intentional, passive-aggressive series of activities.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
So you've talked about things that do not work.
Have you had any success in getting someone in authority, whether it's a health official or a public official, to listen to what you have to say so that you have an opportunity to change their thinking in a serious way?

[SPEAKER_11]
I've had a lot of meetings with them where they sat down and listened, and I was accompanied by doctors for accountability so they could listen.
And there was one mayor in the city of Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, which is the largest suburb in Tulsa.
Uh, it would be sort of like the largest sub, uh, suburb outside of San Diego.
There's like good, good analogy, I guess.
And, uh, they kept their city open during the lockdowns until, uh, about two thirds of the board felt like they were getting pressure and they shut down, but they were open during the peak of the lockdowns for at least, uh, 90 days or 60 days.
I'm with them.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay.
So, uh, well, but did they, uh,
Did you—were you able to make progress?
Were you able to change thinking for any of these public officials?

[SPEAKER_11]
This mayor told me they recognized the models that said 2.2 million people would die were false.
They recognized that.
They acknowledged that the polymerase chain reaction tests could be misinterpreted or falsely calibrated to inflate cases.
And they recognized that COVID was treatable with a budesonide, hydroxychloroquine,
Ivermectin and they did recognize verbally that my Dazzalam, the COVID protocols, which called for my Dazzalam and Remdesivir were in fact causing deaths in conjunction with the ventilator protocol.
So are they saying anything publicly about it?
They said it on my show.
I mean, they were on my podcast multiple times and they said, I recognize the facts.
And they just kept talking about the pressure, you know, just I'm getting so much pressure.
I'm getting so much pressure.
So they did keep the city open until they didn't.

[SPEAKER_10]
So you're saying that they recognized all the harms, and then they ended up towing the line.
Because of pressure, quote unquote.
That's the word I hear a lot.
Pressure.
Pressure.
Yeah, I am.
What about, what about, okay, but what about now?
What about now?
Are these people that you said recognize the problem?
Are they speaking out publicly saying, Hey, we got to stop the vaccine program.
Da, da, da, da, da.

[SPEAKER_11]
I don't know any that are and I wish I could tell you that they are I just I know there was an attorney general for upstate I met with him multiple times in his living room and What happened with him is he?
Treated me like I was a crazy person Steve and then his wife took the shots, but he didn't
because he didn't take the shots because he knew, because I told him, and he gave him pause so he didn't take it.
But he didn't have the courage or whatever that was to tell his own wife.
So his wife took the shots, and now she has a variety of really bad, adverse reactions, I mean really bad.
And so I was in the living room with this, and I won't mention the state, but with this attorney general,
And this attorney general had to admit to his wife that he knew this information and didn't even tell her for fear that she would think he was crazy.
This is an attorney general.
Wow.
OK. And while you were there, you said that.
Yeah.
And there was multiple doctors there.
It was like kind of a teary moment.
And this person was saying, you know, I was like, because the doctor said, hey, Mr. Attorney General, you've known this since the beginning.
How come you haven't spoken out?
And then his wife was like, you've known this?
And he's like, ah, they did.
Clay and the guys did meet me.
And I did know I didn't want to come across like a kook.
And so I didn't tell you.
And then she says, so you didn't take it though, right?
He goes, no, I didn't take it.
So why didn't you tell me?
He's like, I didn't want to, I didn't want to pressure.
And so even, I mean, that happened.

[SPEAKER_10]
Man, so has that situation now turned around?
Is this attorney general now speaking out publicly?

[SPEAKER_11]
No, this attorney general essentially stopped campaigning aggressively and essentially kind of, I would say almost had sort of a bowed out in terms of like, was it like they intentionally, they didn't come out and say, hey, I'm throwing my election, I'm not trying anymore, but it kind of, that's what happened because they just, the pressure.

[SPEAKER_10]
to pressure.
So, like, what's it gonna take?
for these people to start speaking out.
And do you think that the New York Times article is going to open the doors and start to open the floodgates?
Because Chris Cuomo, for example, came out after the New York Times article came out, or me?
I don't know.
I don't know about the timing, Livio.
Do you know did Cuomo come out before or after?
He must have come out after the Times article.
Right after, because Cuomo was interviewing one of the people that was highlighted in the New York Times article, right?
Yeah, so you have this, you know, one flips down slightly and then Chris Cuomo, who has been telling people to get vaccine on CNN when he was there, is now admitting that he was vaccine injured and he's been hiding it for the entire time.
And I don't know how long he's been hiding it.
Does anybody know?

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, I don't know the answer to that, but I can say that I think you asked the question, what's it going to take?
I think that Chris Cuomo in America is what's going to have to happen.
I mean, there's I know Chris Cuomo is not a verb, but I think you're going to have to see some Cuomo wing because you have people like that that were so aggressive.
I mean, so.
Caustic so patronizing so attacking so insert the description Really making a mockery of anybody that didn't want to take the shots And now one by one these people are having huge problems.
So I think that the
As much as I wish that wasn't the case, I think people like Chris Cuomo are waking up a lot of people because I got like yourself and I'm not attacking you or attacking myself.
I'm just giving an example.
You're known as like captain objective.
You know, most people that I know know you as one of the most objective people on the planet.
You're just objective.
That's how you communicate.
And they know that Cuomo is, you know,
Definitely media going to push that narrative.
They know that about him.
And for him to switch, that just really is messing with the narrative.
I'm noticing that the same thing is true politically with Charles Barkley.
Charles Barkley is attacking, you know, large groups of people who are just voting as a voting block without thinking about things.
And so for Charles Barkley to come out and say, look,
Just because I'm saying I don't want higher taxes and just because I'm saying I want a functional economy doesn't mean I'm a sellout or an Uncle Tom.
Get off me.
But I think that you need some of those bigger voices that have almost been typecast as opposition to independent thinking to come out.
I think Joe Rogan's done a really good job, by the way, of waking up large groups of people.
Because I think Joe started out as what he would identify, at least I would, as left of center.
And I think his migration to more of a centrist or moderate worldview, I think has really woken up a lot of people to what's going on.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, we need him to take the next step, though.
I think after he got attacked, my impression is that he backed off quite a bit.
For example, I can't get on Rogan's show.
No interest in having me on his show, but I was on Tucker's show.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I think, um, I think Tucker is doing a great job migrating.
I think he's doing a good job.
And I'll give you an example.
Why I say that is migrating people are waking people up.
So, you know, Tucker having Cuomo on his show.
I remember thinking to myself, why is Chris Cuomo?
I had that thought and so because Tucker said hey you can come on the show and we can talk about these things I think that Tucker's done a good job waking up people.
I think Tucker has also Done a really good job of mixing, you know huge names
with every day average people and he'll bring on a pastor or a rabbi that maybe no one's ever heard of and he'll follow up with a super guest and he'll have somebody like Kid Rock who I'm not trying to be used curse language but I'm quoting Chris Rock or quoting Kid Rock.
Kid Rock has said a lot he doesn't give an F.
And I think team I don't give an F feels heard by Kid Rock.
So Kid Rock was just explaining the jackassery of these lockdowns, quarantines, curfews, the unconstitutionality of it.
I think a lot of freedom lovers like what Kid Rock has to say.
I think Jim Brewer's doing a phenomenal job through comedy, getting into ears that wouldn't normally be receptive.
I think Roseanne's doing a good job.
We just got to keep trying to wake up people there, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
But based on my personal experience in terms of trying to convince this one person that I know very well and then have that person shifted because the New York Times said that there were vaccine injuries, I think that was pretty striking to me that just one article, which wasn't all that good, I think for us, can cause that.
So I suspect that this really breaks
when the mainstream media turns on the narrative.
And that seems to be happening rather slowly.
After the New York Times article came out, I called Janet Woodcock on her cell phone and on her home phone and left messages to give me a call and let's have a confidential chat.
No return phone called, no acknowledgement at all that I sent the communications.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, you know, I have a, Steve, I have a friend of mine that was used to work on my payroll years ago from time to time and with my entertainment company.
And they took a big job for mainstream media regional.
And I'll never forget, we brought General Flynn to our office to host a, we called a town hall where we were talking about, you know, what's in the shots and quarantines and curfews and this sort of thing.
And this person shows up, gives a huge hug, Steve, huge hug.
This is during the mask mandate time.
Huge hug.
Oh my gosh, Clay.
I haven't seen you in 10 years.
How you doing, boss?
You still want me to call you boss?
And I said, no, no, we're good.
Thank you for speaking out.
Thank you so much.
General Flynn, I have followed you in your career.
And I know that you were forced to plead guilty to keep your son out of prison and all this whole thing.
And they were just, thank you so much for fighting back and just laying on.
And then they go, and such and such will be on in 30 seconds.
39, 29, 27, 26, 25, 10, 9, without, without, we didn't know, goes into said, you know, woman's suit, grabs mask, puts on mask.
And then it's like, well, we're here today with the convicted Yada Yada, General Flynn.
And we're here discussing this group of people in this particular city that are putting their own personal need for freedom over what's best for our community.
We want to ask them why.
And the whole time they're wearing a mask and I'm like, what?
And then the whole time it was like such and such, you've been called a science denier and by many people they've referred to you as putting profits over people, why is that?
And then no matter what I said, they got the earpiece in, they go, are you aware that you're in direct violation of yada yada?
What do you say to people out there that don't like traffic laws?
What do you say to people out there that don't like gun laws?
What do you say to people out there that don't like drinking age?
What do you say to people out there that don't like laws?
Since you also don't like laws, you know, and it's all these questions.
And then as soon as the cameras in, they take the mask off.
Hey guys, thanks so much.
So I appreciate it very much.
And there was no cognitive dissonance that they were one person off camera and one on it.
Blew my mind.
Dang.
Cause it hurt, it hurt a lot because known the person forever and then you know how news pieces go, Steve, they, they package them.
So they cut the news package together and it was like local science denier and yada, yada joined here with America.
You know, but it's just like a 60 second ultimate hit piece.

[SPEAKER_10]
Crazy.
Well, wouldn't it have been great if you had a hidden camera and microphone on that whole scene, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, I'm thinking that way nowadays.
At that time, I was thinking, here we are at the peak of the lockdowns.
I'm trying to do a good thing for my community to liberate people.
Never thought that would happen.
But now I do, unfortunately, think that way.

[SPEAKER_10]
All right.
So it's basically keep doing the same thing over and over, expecting a different result, which is not
Well, exactly the best strategy.
But is there anything new that we could be doing that we're not doing that you think will move the needle based on everything that you've seen?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, and I'm not I don't want to argue with you at all.
I would just say this is sometimes let me give an example.
If you have an oak tree.
And you and I go out there and let's say we're in peak health and we got a great axe.
And I don't know how many blows it takes to knock down an oak tree.
I don't know the number.
But if you hit it a bunch, I hit it a bunch.
You hit it a bunch, I hit it a bunch.
And we're just hitting it at this oak tree.
Again, if we keep applying pressure, Steve, and we keep doing it, eventually it reaches that tipping point, or eventually the tree falls down.
But until the point where the tree falls down, we might feel like what we're doing is doing the same thing over and over and over, and not getting a result.
But in certain situations in life, not at all, but in certain situations, that cumulative effort does produce a result that you can't see, or it's almost like faith-like potatoes, you know?

[SPEAKER_10]
You plant... No, I get that.
I get that.
But I'm just asking, is there anything that new that we should be doing that we're not doing?

[SPEAKER_11]
I just believe that more and more people need to become citizen journalists.
I think it's very easy for a lot of my friends and family, and I've talked to them a lot about this, to watch the Steve Kerr show, to watch the Dr. Tenpenny show, to watch RFK Jr., to watch, insert the name of whoever you want to talk about, who's talking about what's in the shots, or talking about the lockdowns, or talking about Marxism, or talking about stripping our rights, and then just observing.
But you have to go out there and share this information.
And you have to focus on that you're not going to allow an empire to be built on lies.
Because if you do allow an empire to be built on lies, then truth becomes a crime.
And you have to have that idea, that mindset that you're going to get involved.
And that would be the action step I would have.
And there's all sorts of data.
I don't want to make up the stats in front of you.
But I've seen different data come across my desk.
where it shows what percentage of Americans are engaged or involved or speaking out and enters all different studies and percentages.
The number is going up over time, but I think we need just a wave a monsoon of truth to come out from unlikely sources.
That's what I look at.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, so let me close with the final question about what do you think about RFK and his chances and who do you support for president?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, there's three things that I look for in a president.
I should probably look for 50 things, but three I care about.
I care about, let's keep our cities safe.
I prefer not to have Antifa setting my car on fire, so I want to keep our cities safe.
Two, I want to have a strong economy.
And three, I want medical freedom.
I want medical freedom.
I want truth about medical, the medical industrial complex.
So if you take those three, I think RFK Jr. checks the box on the medical freedom or medical truth.
So those three points, I give one point to RFK if he was running against Trump.
Let's say that.
So I would say RFK checks the medical freedom.
I totally disagree about Operation Warp Speed.
As it relates to a strong economy, I think President Trump checks that box.
RFK Jr. is an unchecked box, nothing to say he doesn't get the economy.
He's not unproven in that regard there.
And then as far as keeping our cities safe, I think that President Trump had a good record of doing the right thing.
I'm encouraging governors to do the same, not to say that RFK wouldn't do that.
So my bias is I always vote libertarian or conservative, so I'll be voting for President Donald J. Trump.
However, there's a lot of strong, compelling arguments for RFK, and I can tell you I've met him on a couple occasions, and I couldn't agree more about his stance on medical freedom.

[SPEAKER_10]
Awesome.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Livio.

[SPEAKER_08]
Hopefully I don't have an echo now.
I found it curious.
You were talking about RFK Jr.
This brain worm information came out this week right after his documentary was released that was narrated by Woody Harrelson.
So the attacks are just getting deeper and more severe and more creative.
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_11]
I would just say that with RFK Jr., you know, his bias is he's always been left of center.
At least I've always seen him advocate for left of center worldviews.
And, you know, my bias is right of center.
I just think everybody needs to go in and vote and you have to figure out what matters to you.
You know, what are those two or three issues?
What are those five issues?
And you got to vote for the right one, but I could say that anybody with a sound mind, and I'm not saying that everybody has a sound mind, but anybody with a sound mind would have a hard time justifying any reasons to vote for Biden.
And I'll give you an example.
I had a business trip in Colorado, and I was in Breckenridge, which typically has left of center people that live there.
It's a ski town.
And I went there and I did man on the street interviews unrecorded though I just did I just I told people hey I have a podcast I just taking notes with my notepad I just want to ask you who you're voting for and why if you had to go Biden or Trump I just want to know and I kept hearing so many people they're like bro
I don't like the way Trump talks, bro.
But this economy cannot get worse.
Like, we are really hurting here.
And I kept hearing that from, you know, the Uber driver, from the bartender, from the people in the ski chalet area.
And I went through, and I went through as probably 50 people all weekend.
I mean, just got everybody to the point where my wife was like, please stop.
And I just kept asking people.
And I ran into two people.
that were Biden that were really excited about Biden for reasons they couldn't articulate.
But everybody was a reluctant Trump given those two options.
They were like, I mean, and again, that's a more of left of center community.
And you're talking to ski, you know, ski employees and snowboarders and
bar tenders and Uber drivers, but there was just, they, these people were very concerned about inflation and or hyperinflation.
They were very, they're not really understanding all the mechanisms necessarily, but they were like, it's just really getting bad here.
And these are people that depend on tips and tourism and, you know, so they was hitting them in the wallet, the Biden economy.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, the inflation with the debt now, right?
I think I read an article every 100 days now.
It's a trillion dollars that we're printing to serve as debt.
And it's just going to keep getting worse if we don't do something about it.

[SPEAKER_11]
And you're going to see Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa.
A lot of words coming in fast.
But BRICS, Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa, those countries have been hoarding gold for the past 17 years.
And on January 1st, BRICS added, you know, you had to buy Iran, Egypt, Ethiopia, Saudi Arabia.
It indicated they're very much aligned with BRICS.
And now Putin has announced they want to add 25 to 40 additional countries this year.
And they're talking about detaching from the dollar for all oil purchases, for all trade between China and Russia, between all Middle East oil exchanges.
And so when you talk about detaching from the dollar and moving to a new world reserve currency, that's going to put America in a whole different world of hurt.
And I don't think people quite understand about what the dangers of the dollar losing its status as the world's reserve currency.
And RFK Jr. has been very strong on explaining the correlation between having the world's reserve currency status and economic success.
And I think he's done a good job explaining that.
And I just don't think most people are aware of the importance of having the world's reserve currency and how damaging it's going to be to our daily life if we lose the ability for the world to accept the U.S. dollar as a strong currency.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, the vast majority of people don't understand that.
Instead, Biden's talking about shrinkflation and smaller sizes in our sodas and snicker bars.
It's really, it's really bizarre.
I'd like to shift gears and bring on Nurse Angela and get an update from Nurse Angela, who's also going to introduce our next guest.
Nurse Angela, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm great, Livio.
Hi, Steve.
Hi, Clay.
So great to see you guys.
that it's been quite the week for us, you know, our organization along with Steve, we've been beating our heads against a wall for the last three years.
And I feel like at this point, the, you know, the narrative is about to change with Moderna stock down 91%.
Pfizer just had a child between the ages of two and three, who they did a gene therapy.
And this little boy passed away due to cardiac arrest.
Pfizer also has agreed to 10,000 lawsuits that they are willing to pay out for the Zantac scandal with all the cancers that they caused.
They basically kept it from the public that their medication Zantac had this NDMA in it, which is a byproduct.
It's a chemical that doesn't get degraded in the body.
It's like a forever chemical in the body, and it damages our DNA.
And so Pfizer has agreed to pay out on these lawsuits.
So I feel like we're making a lot of progress.
There's still a long way to go.
Moderna is coming out with a new vaccine this month for RSV, which it's going to be their second vaccine ever.
And they want to show how versatile the mRNA technology is with cancer vaccines and RSV vaccines.
So we have a lot of work left to do, but we are winning and we are going to continue.
We're a small and mighty team, but we are not stopping.
it's wonderful to be doing what we're doing and and seeing what we're seeing and you know along that note we
One of our missions is to obviously take care of the vaccine injured and those harmed, but also we will not stop fighting for those that have been harmed.
And we are not going to go away.
Just like with the, you know, the thalidomide, it's like we will not stop doing what we're doing until these parents and these people have been recognized and justices served and they've been compensated for what they lost.
And one of those is our dear friend, Shana, who tragically lost her 17 year old daughter due to the Pfizer vaccine.
and so glad to have her here with us to share the story.
But maybe before we bring her on, we can play a little video of Aubren.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, I'm going to play a little video and then we'll bring on Shawna shortly after the video.

[SPEAKER_05]
Aubren Grendy was a typical healthy 17 year old.
She loved being a
Auburn Grendy was a typical, healthy 17-year-old.
She loved being a big sister, going to concerts, and spending time with her family and friends in her hometown of Livonia, Michigan.
According to her mom, she wanted to help others, and she just loved life.
In January of 2022, Auburn received exciting news from the Odd Fellows Organization of Michigan that she would be one of only a few students chosen from her state to travel to Philadelphia, New York, Boston, and Canada that summer.
Before leaving for the trip, Auburn was required to get two doses of the COVID-19 vaccine.
Within three weeks after receiving the second Pfizer dose, while on her trip, Auburn tested positive for COVID-19 and was sent home early.
Two days later, Auburn went into cardiac arrest, fighting for her life in the hospital, but tragically passed away 17 days later.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'd like to welcome Shawna Carroll.
She tragically lost her daughter, Auburn, to the Pfizer vaccines and is here to share her story.
Thank you for being with us, Shawna, and our hearts go out to you and your family.
Oh, you're muted, Shawna.
I'm still muted on the computer screen, the little microphone icon.
If you can click that, that would... Yeah, the other icon, the one with the little microphone on it.
Yeah, it should be right next to the camera icon.
Still muted.

[SPEAKER_07]
Maybe we can have her log out and come back in.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's just the, it's just the button that she has to click that's got the microphone on it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Let me take a picture of it for her and send her.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
She can see where it is.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
We, we tested her earlier and it's just the, um, on the computer screen.
If you can hear me, Shana, there's a little, a little microphone button and that will unmute you.

[SPEAKER_10]
You would think that EVMux would have features that you could unmute the guest.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, they never allow you to control someone else's camera or microphone on these apps.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I guess that makes sense because you don't want to listen in e-drop on someone.
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
You don't want to have someone outside being able to turn on your equipment because then that would be a pretty significant violation.
But hopefully we can get Shauna back in here shortly.
Angela, you've been talking to Shauna a little bit.
Can you tell us a little bit about your conversations with her and a little bit about her story?

[SPEAKER_07]
We'll be able to get her back on yet.
It's really, really, really tragic and really awful.
Let's see if we can hear her again.
She's going to come back.

[SPEAKER_10]
The horrible thing is she gets vaccinated.
She has her two doses.

[SPEAKER_07]
her parents, you know, Shauna, you know, and family did not want her to get this.
Of course, it was like a once in a lifetime opportunity.
It's it's pretty admirable to be picked.
You know, it's just a few students from your state to go on a trip like this.
And so she gets the two doses of the vaccine and doesn't feel well.
So Shauna takes her to an urgent care.
And at that urgent care center, she sat there in the waiting room for four hours without being seen.
And what
prompted their attention to actually see her four hours later is when Auburn went into cardiac arrest and collapsed right there in the waiting room.
And at that point, they life-flighted her to a children's hospital and she arrested a couple more times.
And, you know, from my perspective and seeing patients that have had COVID, because we had a lot of them, that's not how COVID presents.
It's not like the stories we were seeing
from China where people just walk down the street and collapsed and died.
That's not how COVID works.
And 17-year-old healthy little girls do not just go into cardiac arrest from COVID.
So I think we have Shauna back now.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, and she's unmuted now.
Welcome back, Shauna.

[SPEAKER_07]
Sorry.
I am so sorry about that.
I have no idea what happened.
It's so hard, Shauna, to see.
It just makes me tear up to see Auburn.
And I just can't imagine how you must feel.
It just must be so painful to, like,
watch this and, you know, have this be your reality.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I wake up with it every day.
It feels like it happened yesterday because my kids are very close to me.

[SPEAKER_07]
Like we don't, they don't leave me a lot.

[SPEAKER_01]
They've never been on a trip without me.
Um, those was our very first trip away from me for that long.
And I remember hugging her before she left at the airport and one of the chaperones told me, Oh, you know, mom, don't worry about it.
You know, stop crying.
It'll be okay.
And
It clearly was not okay.

[SPEAKER_07]
Not okay at all.
And just so you know, we won't stop fighting for her.
Like I got Trista's shirt on.

[SPEAKER_06]
There's so many.

[SPEAKER_07]
I have Sean's like that we have so many kids all over the world, you know, that this vaccine has harmed millions and millions and and destroyed lives.
It's like what they don't realize unless it happens to them, it is
that these are precious children, that you can't get that back.
Your life is forever rocked because of this.
Your life and your family's life will never ever be the same.
This huge part of your life is just gone.
For me, it's criminal because they knew about this.
They knew about these kids going into cardiac arrest.
I had a meeting with the FDA and with the CDC March 11th of 2022.
Mind you,
Auburn died in August or it was August of 2020.
So we notified them.
We told them we brought Ernest with us.
We had Maddie DeGerry who was in the clinical trials.
We showed them that Ernest died.
He went into cardiac arrest from his Pfizer and collapsed while playing basketball and that they needed to immediately look into this because we cannot have more children pass away.
And they promised us they would get back to us.
They promised us they would look into it and get back with us.
And Steve directly said, you guys need to look this child.
Maddie DeGerry was in a clinical trial and she was permanently harmed.
You need to investigate this.
And they assured us that they would and they never did.
And so it's fraudulent.
It's criminal.
They need to be held accountable.
That's why we've held two COVID litigation conferences that our organization put on because when defeat the mandates didn't catch their attention, we thought, well, we're going to hit them where it hurts.
And that's going to be with the lawsuits.
And I think that they messed with the wrong people.
They didn't realize that people like us and multiple other organizations fighting for your daughter as well are not going to go away until we get that justice for you.
But I would love to hear a little bit more about her and how it went down and what it was like, you know,
those days in the ICU with her and what they gave her, they treated her completely like a COVID patient and gave her very dangerous drugs that also further harmed her.

[SPEAKER_01]
A lot.
They gave her, um, when she was at the urgent care, she, um, when she went to cardiac arrest, she, she had sat up inside, you know, did they call me back yet and she collapsed and there was a nurse walking in or down the hallway and swooped her up and took her back and they had given her ketamine.
morphine, delotted, all within like an hour amongst other medications.
Those were just the main ones that I remember and like retain.
When they took her back for a CAT scan, her eyes had opened and they had to give her another dose of the fentanyl.
They were giving her as well to knock her back out.
She had her brain activity was fine.
So they wanted to airlift her over to Children's Hospital in Detroit and she was in the PICU.
So when the helicopter took her, I took my kids and we ran back to my house.
And then her dad had called me and said that she had two more heart attacks in flight, two more cardiac arrest in flight.
So in the last time she was under for two minutes.
So when I got to the hospital, they were hooking her up to ECMO.
So I got to see her maybe two hours later and her limbs had started turning black.
So we were going to have to do some amputations, but because of ECMO and infection and blood thinners, we couldn't, you know, they didn't want to operate.
So she underwent.
a lot of CAT scans, CT scans, MRIs, but they would have to transport her whole unit.
So ECMO, everything would have to go with her.
So like each time she went, it was extremely risky.

[SPEAKER_07]
And just so people know that what ECMO is, it's a long bypass machine.
So when
Probably her heart wasn't functioning properly, and she was having these heart attacks.
It's a bypass machine that just buys you time for the heart to rest and her body to recover.
And it's kind of like, you have to have two nurses running it.
It's a big deal.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's not nurses flying in to run her machine from out of state.
So there's not a lot of people that know how to run this type of one.
It puts oxygen into your blood system as well, and it puts it back to your heart.
The pain medication started to wear off about two weeks into it, or she was becoming more immune to the the FENT and also they had to go back to morphine, but I could tell because she would cry, like you could tell she was crying.
She'd open her eyes a little bit.
ECMO failed twice and they had to pump her heart with a team of doctors.
as they would switch out the machine both times to risky, but the last time was probably the worst.
So the next day, August 6th, I text her dad because I had to stay home with my other two children because they were just, you know, nervous wreck as well.
So he said, we would always, you know, start the day off with how's our girl.
And he said, not good.
We have to pull her off ECMO today.
There's not much more that they can do.
And then when I got there about 20 minutes after that call, they wanted to do two more medications or another medication, but it would take two days to get it.
But I knew that she was done.
I knew she was tired.
So I didn't want to put her through that again.
So we just decided to pull her off because she wasn't able to get any kind of transplants or anything like that.

[SPEAKER_07]
So they also gave her Remdesivir, which shuts down your organs.
We gave a 17-year-old little girl a drug that we knew at the time was so dangerous and harmful.
I didn't know they gave her that until I got her medical records.

[SPEAKER_08]
I was going to ask you if they informed you about all the different medications they were giving her.

[SPEAKER_01]
Pat Remdesivir, because I knew about that, but I didn't know a lot about it.
But my cousin's husband had passed away from COVID and hospital protocol in 2021.
And they had given him the same, you know, room desivir and they never told her either.

[SPEAKER_08]
And did they tell you what the cause was during after at any point where they did the ever point at all about the vaccines possibly or

[SPEAKER_01]
Um, I kept telling them she was fully vaccinated.
You know, she should have been okay at least, you know, a mild case of COVID and her infectious disease doctors kept saying that we don't know.
We don't know what is happening.
We don't understand it.
But on her met on her death certificate, it says COVID-19 and multi Oregon failure.

[SPEAKER_10]
COVID-19, the virus, you mean?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, she died.
And they also told her to Steve within, you know, minutes of her passing away that an autopsy wasn't necessary because she died of COVID and, you know, an organ failure.
And I can tell you that, first of all, if the vaccines worked,
you know, Auburn was fully vaccinated.
So if the vaccines were supposed to keep you from death and dying and out of the hospitals, clearly the vaccine didn't fail.
But we also do know that you don't die.
You don't go into cardiac arrest after getting COVID with a young 17 year old.

[SPEAKER_01]
We had to pick her up from New York.
So we had a drive from Michigan to New York and we had to meet them at the border of Canada by Niagara Falls.
at a specific time.
So we had to leave at 2 a.m. And it was our three-year-old's birthday when we got home on the 19th.
But we drove in a car with her.
We're not vaccinated.
None of us are vaccinated.
She was vaccinated for the trip.
None of us caught COVID.
We had the windows up and she was breathing.
We were all sharing the same air.
She slept on my pillow.
We didn't catch COVID for the first time till October of 2022.
And I've had it like three times.

[SPEAKER_10]
So when was she vaccinated?
What was the date again, the year?

[SPEAKER_01]
She was vaccinated June 7th, and then her booster was June 28th of 2022.

[SPEAKER_07]
Then she passed away three weeks later.

[SPEAKER_10]
June 7th.
Yeah, so this is Omicron, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
It was around that time.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, it would be after that time.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
So Omicron is not deadly to people.
It's very mild, especially not to kids.
Very strange that COVID would have killed her.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
And then the other thing, the two that is really strange to me is that when you lose a 17 year old healthy kid as a nurse for these nurses and doctors to come up to her and say an autopsy is not necessary.
She died of COVID and she had multi-system organ failure.
The chance of dying from COVID with a child is almost zero.
Especially a healthy child with no comorbidities like obesity.
Auburn was very, very healthy and beautiful and was not in a high-risk category.
So as a provider, as a doctor or a nurse,
That should not be the first thing coming out of your mouth when addressing a bereaved mother that just lost her child.
They should be saying we need to get to the bottom of this because this is very unusual.
And we need to, we need, we encourage you to do an autopsy because this is not something that's not right.

[SPEAKER_10]
So Shauna, do you know of any other kids that have died from COVID?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, but I do know, you know, Dan Hartman and everyone from the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.
How many people do you know who died from the vaccine?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, Sean, not around me, but Sean and the group that we band together with all the parents.

[SPEAKER_07]
Trista, Trista, Sean.
her nest oh yeah there's there I mean there's lots we've actually today marks one year that Hunter passed away Hunter was a Jamie is the mother of Hunter and Hunter was the Jamie we had on our show he's the one that got the J&J and ended up with blood clots and they pulled a huge clot behind
his heart and today is actually I was just looking and um getting ready to send Jamie a message but it's been one year since he passed away there's so many I mean when I tell people that I never saw kids dying of heart attacks um in my 17 years running
as a charge nurse of pediatrics.
In fact, CPR, we do CPR differently on children than we do on adults.
On adults, the first thing if somebody's down, we call 911 because we know that we need to get a defibrillator because they have disease hearts.
Adults are more healthy, unhealthy, and have unhealthier hearts by our lifestyles, but children don't have that.
So with CPR with children, we always teach and tell parents,
to do CPR first because it's usually a respiratory or choking issue.
Kids don't have heart disease and they're not born with heart disease.
And so we even we even do CPR differently in the order of how we do things because of that.
And now since the vaccines have rolled out, it's like the norm.
There are three in my town here, three kids that have passed away.
We have kids all over the world.
We have support groups online, you know, deaths due to myocarditis and paracarditis in children in Facebook that we have to kind of be undercover.
But I just have had so many people near and dear to me, parents like you that I've spoken to who have lost their children.
And a lot of parents don't want to come forward because it's just, it's really hard as you probably know, Shauna, this is not easy to speak out like this.
but it's tragic and it's a problem.
And one of the other things too, I don't know if Steve wrote about this, but I got a phone call from a lead investigator from VAERS.
This was probably what last week, Steve.
And she said, I just want to get more information from you because I'm a mandatory reporter.
So when I hear about people that have been killed due to the vaccine, I have to report it.
So I have filed VAERS reports
reports on my own and I filed a VAERS report from a doctor's friend whose son died from the vaccine and they literally called me three years later after I filed this report and said we're just now we're so backlogged we're just now investigating a serious death and I said can you just hold on one moment give me one second and I called Steve because we in California we can't
We can't record conversations.
So I wanted a witness to be on this call.
So Steve was on the call with me.
And what did she say, Steve, that they're just so backlogged?
And I was like, well, three years later, you're calling me?
To investigate this death?
How horrible is that?
This should have been investigated the minute that I filed the report.
And her answer was, we're just so backlogged.
We're just now, you know, I'm just now getting to it.
And so that goes to show you that they're not concerned about our safety.
Otherwise they would have taken care of this problem back in 2021.
So, yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
They wouldn't label it safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's really tragic.
I'm just, I'm so sorry.
Have you heard from anybody, Shana?
Have you heard from the FDA, the CDC, Pfizer?
Nobody.

[SPEAKER_08]
And I was going to ask, did you file a various report or did anyone file on your behalf?

[SPEAKER_01]
I did.
Someone told me that the hospitals are supposed to tell you about that site and where to register.
No one told me.
I didn't find out about it until maybe three months ago.

[SPEAKER_08]
So just recently, and Angela, you told me about your story, but you filed that report.
They called you back what, like two years ago or it's been years since you filed the report.
She finally called you back.

[SPEAKER_07]
I filed that report over three years ago and I actually filed it multiple times because I couldn't find it because I wanted to look it up.
A lot of these reports just go missing or people can't find their reports.
So I filed that report multiple times and
Yeah, they just called me back last week.
And that was, I was really, I was not happy at all because I'm like, this is a serious outcome.
And this investigator that was on the phone with Steve and I, her only job, she doesn't deal with the vaccine injured.
She deals with the deaths.
And so for her to tell me that we are so backlogged and I deal with the people that have died.
is that I said to her said how do you feel about that that must make you not really want to get a booster and she's she said something to the fact you know I can't talk about my own personal feelings to Steve and I she actually didn't know Steve was on the phone but as she said I can't talk about my own personal feelings but yeah we're backlogged and you know
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_08]
Clay, I had to mute you because there was a lot of background noise.
So if you want to speak, just unmute and then mute back because there was just a lot of sound.
So I hit the mute button, not to shut you up, but you'll have to unmute to speak on the computer.

[SPEAKER_11]
I apologize.
Our churches, my office building becomes a church on Thursday because during the lockdowns, all the churches shut down.
So we turned our building into a church.
So I apologize.
There's church going on back here.
So I'll continue muting myself.

[SPEAKER_08]
that.
Okay, that makes sense.
Thank you.
I want to get to some questions.
I want to remind everyone, if you have questions for any of us, for Angela, for Steve, for Clay and for Shauna, put them in the chat.
All caps question and we'll get to them.
So let me start with a
A question for Shauna from Paul DTN.
Has Shauna sued the organization that coerced her daughter into taking the poison injection?

[SPEAKER_01]
We did have a lawyer early on.
We were told not to do like a news channel because someone reached out to us in our local news, wanted us to be on the news and they said not to.
It took a year and a half for them to get back to us and then say they didn't want to take our case due to politics.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, we'll we'll help you, Shana, we are connected with lawyers, you know, all over all over the country.
And I'll be happy to talk to you afterwards and see if we can get you someone because I know that your statute is running out and on that to you do have a gift give send go.
If we could get Janet put that in the chat, we would love to
promote that and help you get the funds that you need to file this lawsuit because this is so important.
We've realized in the beginning Steve thought, I have communication, Steve has done so much as far as
helping out with other clinical trials and he had the COVID early treatment fund and he's been in regular communication.
He's donated money to breast cancers and glaucoma and all sorts of other medical organizations.
So Steve initially thought this is going to be a no-brainer.
All I have to do is tell them that these are dangerous and show them the data and what we soon realized.
And I thought that I had power as well, you know, having these meetings with them and conversations.
But what we realized is that they're corrupt and they're criminal and it doesn't work by talking.
You have to hit them where it hurts and that's unfortunately with lawsuits.
That's the only way that we can get through.
So it's important that we help you get the funds that you need so that you can file a lawsuit because that's the only way that it'll catch their attention.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
I have a question for Clay.
So if you can hear me, Clay.
And the question is, why is this the last?
This is from Janet.
Why is this the last reawaken America tour?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, a couple things.
I've created this amazing money-losing machine.
So my wife and I, we let everybody name their price.
And so just full disclosure, I'm actually in a lawsuit on the receiving end.
I'm being sued for defamation for hosting the reawaken tour.
And so a lot of times when you talk about these issues, you pick up lawsuits.
So most of our speakers have been sued and or subpoenaed or being prosecuted as a result of what they've talked about at our events.
And so it's a pretty wild deal.
We're at the receiving end of lawsuits.
And so anyway, my wife and I, according to our deposition, I think we're down $1.3 million plus legal fees so far over a period of about three years.
And we're doing it to help save America.
We believe that's what we're supposed to do.
And full disclosure, I got to be friends with Eric Trump, which I thought was very unusual because I'm so openly against Operation Warp Speed.
But Eric Trump is a very reasonable person who looks at facts.
His wife, Laura, is also opposed to the shots.
And we connected.
And so I told Eric, and I told General Flynn, I said, hey, guys, to the extent that you guys need me to keep doing these, I'll be happy to do them up through the election cycle.
But it's just not financially sustainable.
It never has been.
And I thought we would just do one event.
And I'll give credit where credit's due.
General Flynn and Eric Trump have been very instrumental behind the scenes saying, hey, let's do one more.
You know, General Flynn says, let's do one more.
He didn't ask me to do 23 more there.
He said, let's do one more.
And then he said, let's do one more.
And then let's do one more.
And so 23, one more is later.
Here we are in Detroit, Michigan on June 7th and 8th.

[SPEAKER_08]
Who is doing the suing?

[SPEAKER_11]
Who's suing me?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
And the speakers as well.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'll give you a 30 second run down here, OK?
So when you go vote, there's a man by the name of Eric Coomer, being very factual here, very factual.
I know people watch these shows.
So Eric Coomer is the one who is the former head of security and strategy for Dominion.
And Eric Kummer has 12 patents that you just go to Google type in Eric Kummer, C-O-O-M-E-R patents.
He has 12 patents connected to election integrity, including adjudication technology.
And he put out 13 social media posts that I thought were very concerning.
And the posts, just to be very clear, because it's a direct question, and I am being sued, so I want to provide a lot of facts here.
So the posts include, and I shall read to you, one of the social media posts, this is Eric Coomer, the former head of the Security and Strategy for Dominion, is a song called F the USA.
Another post is Dead Presidents called Copshot.
Another song is called Dead Cops, a song advocating for killing cops.
Another song is Body Count, a song about killing cops.
He posts one song as though he's, or one post as though he's like in favor of Antifa and some kind.
And so during his deposition, Eric Coomer, during his deposition, he said at the, it's a five hour deposition, at the two hour and 53 minute mark, he admitted saying that only an absolute effing idiot could ever vote for that windbag fascist, racist, F-tard referring to Trump.
at the three hour and ten minute mark he admitted to posting the song Picks for Slaughter at the three hour and thirteen minute mark he admitted to posting FUSA at the one hour and forty two minute mark he admitted posting that uh... he admitted that saying that he admitted saying that he was once a previously a skin head member so he admits to previously being a skin head member at the one hour and forty three minute mark uh... he said he used to be addicted to cocaine i don't think we need to go through uh... each uh... minute of the

[SPEAKER_10]
I think we get the idea.

[SPEAKER_11]
The idea is this, though, is that if I were to hire somebody to manage one of my businesses, I would not hire someone who had those particular ongoing things.
But since the time he sued me, he ran a moving vehicle into a parked building and then denied it to a police who were wearing a body cam to capture the whole thing.
And so what happens is, anytime you expose the truth about elections or medical issues or whatever, you typically get sued.
That's just what happens.
And so it's a way to keep people from speaking out.

[SPEAKER_08]
unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, it's a good time.
So do you have an anti-slap provision?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, we went through that.
We tried to do that in the Colorado courts.
We're three years into it now, by the way.
It's three, almost over three years into it.
And that got denied.
And I just spent nine hours doing a deposition last week.
Actually, it was 18 hours.
So nine hours per day doing depositions.
And at my current pace, I'm not exaggerating.
I'm not saying this.
I don't think it's going to end during my lifetime, because I know multiple people who've been in lawsuits that are going almost a decade now related to things that happened in 2016.
So I mean, I'm 43, three years into it.
Most of the legal people I've talked to said, plan on being this, you can do this until you're 50 years old.
So I'm not kidding.
So every day, you know, I get a legal bill and I get to spend my time doing depositions and responding to things and every interview I do, they screenshot it, they take it, they look at it, they transcribe it.
And then they say, you know, on your show, you didn't provide all of the evidence and therefore you tried to simplify the argument or whatever.
You know, so I just always cite my sources and it's pretty well.

[SPEAKER_08]
Unbelievable.
Sorry, you're going through that clay.
That's just that's just horrible.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, it's a good way to spend a million dollars.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, it sounds I have a question for Angela from Catster 1111.
Please discuss how we can prove we were shed on from vaxxed folks.
We are we are unvaxxed but having some symptoms symptoms of the vaxxed.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, if you actually want to email me at nurseangelavaxsafety.org, I can actually put you in touch with a talk.
Actually, his name is Scott.
He's a nurse practitioner and he's done a lot of research.
Pierre Corey has done as well.
And so has Peter McCullough.
There's a lot of evidence and a lot of proof of the shedding.
And so we've seen it with menstrual cycles.
We've seen it with
Peter McCullough had a kid that ended up with myocarditis from his growing camping with his recently boosted father.
There's been lots of cases of breast milk.
We know it's excreted in breast milk and saliva.
So it is real.
I thought that that was a conspiracy theorist type thing a long time ago because I was like, there's no way something that's injected into your body can then shed.
But I was wrong and it is real and it is happening.
And like I said, feel free to email me and I will give you the links to the talks on those.
So I think actually Peter McCullough even came on our show and talked about it at one point as well.

[SPEAKER_08]
Shedding is real.

[SPEAKER_07]
It was just discussed at the last FLCCC conference.
They had a whole segment, an hour with all of the evidence backing and showing that shedding does happen.

[SPEAKER_08]
Question for Shana from Leely Finley.
How did the doctors explain Auburn's passing from COVID so soon after the COVID shots?
And when did you suspect the jab played a role in her death?

[SPEAKER_01]
I want to say that I knew it played a role early on when she texted me on July 18th when she was still on the trip that she was sick.
I said so much for that vaccine.
It still got COVID.
To the severity of what was going on, I had no idea what was coming.
But they just said we don't know what's going on with her in her file, her medical records, which we just got back this Christmas.
It does state that she did have myocarditis, which they never told me about that either.
Everything that I'm finding out, I'm reading in her files myself.

[SPEAKER_08]
Has it sent to ask this question, but I'm going to ask it anyway from go tell it on a mountain.
Can an autopsy still be done?
Is there a deadline?

[SPEAKER_01]
We had her cremated after they told me I should not do the autopsy.
I thought they knew.
Well, they did know that she was fully vaccinated states in every single one of her medical reports, so I would have.
That's not even on there.
It's not even on her medical examination.
Nothing that she was vaccinated, but it is in her hospital records.

[SPEAKER_08]
And they, they recommended, you said they recommended not doing an autopsy.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_08]
I was, um, braiding her hair to destroy the evidence.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
Evidence.
Yep.
She was, you were braiding her hair and just comforting her and giving her a lot.
Last little bit of love.
And that's, that's what the doctors and nurses came to tell her.
I just can't even, I mean, I've lost so many patients in my career, um, being in a hospital, being a trauma nurse as well.
And.
I can't imagine that coming out of my mouth when a mother just lost their child.
I actually would be the opposite.
I would say this is not normal.
We don't see anything like this.
This is not right.
There's something wrong.
I would have been there encouraging you.
We have to do this because we need to get to the bottom of it.

[SPEAKER_01]
A lot of the problem was they didn't have a lot of COVID patients at all in the PICU at Detroit Children's Hospital.
And that's a big hospital.
They had no, even through the pandemic, they said they didn't have very many kids in there.

[SPEAKER_08]
I was going to ask that question.
How many other COVID patients were there?

[SPEAKER_01]
Not many, because they had these two rooms.
She was on the top floor, and it was one of those rooms that sucks all the air out.
They said it's for tuberculosis, but it's like a new room there.
But I asked how many kids with COVID had been in here because, you know, we started to gain trust with some of the nurses.
There were some nurses that were saying things like, well, I don't know, I think you guys should look into that.
But she had said, no, this is the worst, Auburn is the worst case we have ever seen of COVID in here.

[SPEAKER_07]
The reason why you don't see that is because it doesn't happen because the risk of dying from COVID for a healthy child is almost zero.
So they were probably telling you the truth because they didn't have children.
I was even waiting for our hospitals here in the Bay Area to tell me, oh my gosh, we're full of COVID.
cases with children.
And that wasn't happening.
But the only case that I saw was one kid that went into an inflammatory issue up at UC Davis.
And I found out from one of their PICU flight nurses as a friend of mine, one child that I heard was hospitalized with COVID and that child did not die.
So
When that happened with Aubrey, and they should have said to you, this is not normal.
We need to get to the bottom of this and be an advocate for you.
But instead, they took you when you were the most vulnerable, where you probably couldn't even see straight, telling you what didn't need to be done, when it should have been done.
And we know what killed her, though.
So with or without an autopsy, we know what killed her.
Yeah, you too.

[SPEAKER_08]
Question for Steve from Flock 12.
Don't you think if AstraZeneca had to be withdrawn, all others will have to be withdrawn as well?

[SPEAKER_10]
No.
No, I think they can continue this for the next 20 years.

[SPEAKER_07]
And they will, and they are.
With Moderna, it actually just broke the news about eight hours ago.
But Moderna, despite them, their stock crashing, it went down 91%.
Moderna is set to have two new vaccines come out.
The RSV vaccine is coming out as well as cancer vaccines.
And Moderna wants to show the world that this mRNA technology is the next best thing and how versatile it is.
It's not going to stop.
They're not going to, I mean, yeah, we got lucky that J&J got pulled in AstraZeneca, but they were telling us that those vaccines were safe.
And now they're all of a sudden not safe.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, those were the two that were not the mRNA, the J&J, which got pulled earlier and now AstraZeneca.
Interesting.
They got scapegoats there.
Question for Clay.
From StacyTM69, did you include RFK Jr. in your questions in Colorado about candidates?

[SPEAKER_11]
Did I include RFK Jr. in my questions in Colorado?
I don't maybe understand the question.
Not that the question wasn't a good question.
I don't necessarily understand it.
I did bring RFK Jr. to speak at the Anaheim Reawaken America Tour where he held nothing back and really explained the medical industrial complex and the pharmaceutical industrial complex, but I did not have him come to Colorado.

[SPEAKER_08]
She might have been referenced, you know, I think you referenced doing some man on the street without camera, maybe.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, no, I did not.
I just think was my wife and I were in town for a business event and I thought to myself, you know, I
You get these talking circles, these echo chambers, these, I don't know, niches, and I just thought, I'm just gonna ask random people on the street, if you're going Trump versus Biden, who are you voting for and why?
You know, just asking people and letting them know, hey, I'm not gonna record it, I just wanna know.
And so I did ask Biden versus Trump because at that point in my opinion, those were the most likely to be our two options to choose from.

[SPEAKER_08]
Good question.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm curious, what did you get sued for?
that you spent a million dollars on yeah I know you've gotten sued for a lot of things but the one that's cost you the million dollars what what is the cause of action for that defamation so the person who is suing me for defamation I know you didn't want to spit your whole show going over this okay

[SPEAKER_11]
The word defamation is the action of damaging the good reputation of someone to slander or libel somebody.
So my contention is, if you're the director of security and strategy for our elections,
And you have 12 critical patents connected to the secure elections.
You should not be using cocaine or heroin or running a moving vehicle into a parked building and posting 13 posts that indicate you're in favor of Antifa and against people that are conservative.
regardless of your political bias.
And so because of that, I'm being sued for defamation.
So that's the, I'm being sued personally.
My companies are being sued.
Every possible way in which they can come after me, that's what they're doing.
And this has been a three-year journey.
And so it's, and then the events themselves, when you host these events, most of the venues that were hosting the reawakened tour events, the venues that said,
Yes, we have no problem with you bringing your event to our facility.
They have then pulled back and said, so we were in Las Vegas.
The particular venues that we're going to host us said, the venue said, we can't host you because of the liability.
We don't want to be attached to that.
So my wife and I had to build no exaggeration in Las Vegas outdoors.
We had to build a 700,000
It's $100,000 of expenses to build this air-conditioned building in the desert.
We took the reawakened tour into New York.
And again, the facility that said they were going to host us won't because we are a reputational risk.
And so by attaching the fact that there's an ongoing lawsuit to the tour, it becomes very hard to get insurance.
It becomes hard to get venues.
And so it drives the costs up of everything.
And so it's quite a legal battle.
I look at it as if we don't save our country, there's nowhere else to go to.
So we're not going to stop, but I just committed to doing these up through this particular month.
And then if Eric, Trump, or General Flynn want me to do one more, I'm happy to do it.
It's just not financially sustainable, nor does it break even.

[SPEAKER_07]
Isn't this person a public figure, though, in his role?
I mean, aren't you allowed to...
I mean, Steve does all the time.
He talks about people that are public figures, and they can't sue Steve because they're a public figure.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, let me say this.
I'm not going to mention the lady's name, the woman's name.
I won't mention it, but she is one of the most well-known lawyers in the world.
Everybody knows her name.
I talked to her privately and she said, hey, exactly what you said, Miss Angela, exactly what you said.
And the court has said, no, no, even though this guy has done an op ed and the New York times, and even though he's the head of security and strategy, even though he's got these patents, even though on his own free will, he's done op eds, he's not
a public figure or a limited public figure.
And you are going after a person and defaming them.
And that's what they do.
And they do it because they want to keep you.
As an example, when the city of Tulsa did a lockdown, I sued the city of Tulsa along with several of my friends to stop the lockdowns.
And we were told by the city that they couldn't see the lawsuit because of COVID.
So they couldn't hear the case against the lockdowns because of the lockdowns.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh my God.
That makes sense.

[SPEAKER_11]
There you go.
And so this defamation thing is it's like, no, no, no.
The person who's, you're saying these things about, they are true, but you've defamed them.
They're in their deposition.
That's why I said that, Steve.
During this person's five hour deposition, everything that I just told you, they said on camera, it is true.
I used to be a skinhead.
It is true.
I used to do heroin.
It is true.
I used to do cocaine.
And they say these things, but then they go, but it's still defamation.
So it's just like change the definition of words, of verbs.
It's very, I would call them Marxist legal tactics is how I would describe it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, boy.

[SPEAKER_08]
Amazing.
I got a kind comment for you, Clay, from Flock 12.
Blessings that you stand and do not give in admiration.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, let's say this.
It's only because of the wonderful men and women who fought so hard to make our country free that I was able to go from poverty to success.
And I told my wife, I said, look, we got five kids.
And if we don't put everything into this financially, time, treasure, talent, whatever you call it, we're going to look back at this and go, wow, how did we end up in this 15-minute city?
And we should have done more.
Why didn't we do more?
And so I just committed to doing everything we can do.
And I know a lot of your listeners are doing more than I'm doing, but I just have committed my time, my treasure, my talent to saving this country.
And that's what I'm doing.

[UNKNOWN]
Great.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's what we're doing too.
And that's why VSRF is here, and we
We are small team but so mighty because we realize that.
We have to fight.
We have to fight.
And it only really takes a few people.
We keep thinking, gosh, we're up against billionaires and big pharma and BlackRock.
And we're up against the enemy.
But when you look back at the illidomite, it was literally two
independent clinical researchers.
One was like I'm leaving from Germany and the other one was McBride from Australia.
And these two independent investigators looked at this drug and they said, this is causing deaths in children.
This is causing birth defects.
Half these kids of the mothers that got this drug for nausea died.
And all it took was these two men that came forward and said this.
And in 1961, the drug was pulled off the market.

[SPEAKER_10]
After how many years, Angela?

[SPEAKER_07]
It was, they were using it in the fifties.
So it was, it was on the market in the fifties.
And then in 1961 is when they pulled it.
Right.

[SPEAKER_10]
But when, when, when, when they first blew the whistle versus they took it off the market, what was the immediate?

[SPEAKER_07]
It was, it was pretty immediate.

[SPEAKER_10]
It was immediate.
Okay.
So, so why, why do you think it was immediate there?
And when we have the same sorts of conditions here, it could be 20 years or more.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's a good question.
I mean, I think we're up against bigger, big pharma than the makers of that drug.
Phyzer has been corrupt since 2009.
They got sued for billions for the fraud that they committed.
So we're up against a beast.
But we have so many cases of children being killed and all of these horrific injuries that I
I really do have faith when I look back at history that it's going to be, it's not easy and it's hard, obviously.
We know firsthand how hard it is, but I do have hope that our organization along with all of the others fighting that we will win this and we will change history.
We already are winning.
I see a big change and I see doctors saying, I'll never take another booster again.
And I hear more and more people talking about how they know, I mean, even just look at Janet Woodcock in that New York times article.
She said she made a major mistake.

[SPEAKER_10]
Um, I never heard, but, but, but Angela, there's only one public health official in the entire world who is speaking out against these vaccines right now.
All this time later, it's three years later where there's only, there's still only one public health official.

[SPEAKER_08]
Just one.
A question for Angela from Chris 10.
Will you be speaking at the reawaken America tour with Clay in Detroit?

[SPEAKER_07]
Clay, the pressure is on you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, so the question is, can she speak?
Is that the question?

[SPEAKER_08]
It says, will she be speaking?

[SPEAKER_11]
I certainly would have no opposition to it, and I'll give out my cell phone number now, and you can text me if that's something you want to do.
My cell phone number is 918-851-0102.
Feel Free World, have that cell phone number.
You can text me 918-851-0102.
And what I do on the tour just so you know my formula, my formula, my magic money losing system here, is I bring in people like Jim Brewer or Roseanne that, frankly, people come to see them.
That's just the reality.
They come to see them.
No one comes to see me.
A lot of times people say, who are you?
And then they want to see these people.
And so I bring in people like that.
And then what I do is about every third, maybe every fourth speaker is someone that most people haven't heard of, but I believe they should have.
And maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe I'm right.
But it's a committee of one.
And I've decided and I've tried to bring these folks on because I have found that a lot of people feel isolated and like their story is uniquely odd and maybe they did something wrong or maybe they're doing something.
So by bringing normal people,
on the stage next to a Roseanne or a Jim Brewer or an Eric Trump or Dr. Tenpenny or whoever.
I find it really does go far and wide.
And so I'm totally open to that.
I'm not just saying that.
You can text me.
And all your listeners can text me, too.
And it's just over-accountability.
So you can text my cell phone number, which is 918-851-0102.
It would be honored to have it.
Have you at our event.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I would love to come and actually meet Shauna, because Shauna's not too far away from you or where it's going to be located in Detroit.
Yeah, so I have to give hugs and meet up.
I love meeting all these people.

[SPEAKER_08]
That would be great.
This is a beautiful thing.
Thank you for that.
I've got a message from Auburn's dad.
It says, I'm Auburn's dad.
Can everyone please educate yourselves and your children before you make the decision to get vaccinated?
And maybe you won't have to go through what we're going through.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm so sorry.
I can't imagine how painful it is for a father and a mother to, it's the worst, the worst pain you could do to any, like there's a lot of things that we can endure as parents, but that's just one that is unimaginable, that kind of a pain.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.
It's, I still don't even know how to process it.
And it's going on two years that, you know, it's like every day.
It's really sad, you know, my younger kids like holidays, I'm always crying, you know, so it's so different for them to see mom so happy, you know, before and then now it's just a totally different person.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
And having to put that smile on your face for those holidays to keep it going for them.
But when your heart was just shattered in a million pieces.

[SPEAKER_01]
I mean, I find generally like really good joy throughout the day with them and my family, but it's always, always there that, that, you know, you expect to lose your parents, you expect to lose your grandparents, your spouse, but you don't ever imagine losing your child and you've never prepared for it.

[SPEAKER_07]
No, never, nor should you be, nor should you be.
And, and that's where we are.
We just can't let them get away with this and I feel like
If we don't keep raising the alarm and screaming and yelling and talking about how wrong it is, they just are going to use these kids as collateral damage.
I mean, they've made billions of dollars from these drugs.
They could care less about who they've harmed along the way.
And unless we keep on fighting, they just want to push them aside.
And we've seen that.
So we're not stopping.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, Shauna, thank you for coming on tonight and sharing your story.
And we'll keep fighting for you and for Auburn.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
And Clay, thank you for coming on.
It's always a joy and a pleasure to have you on the show.
And I wish you really well on these lawsuits that breaks in your favor.

[SPEAKER_07]
And we all have to go to Michigan.

[SPEAKER_11]
We all have to go to Auburn.
Quick housekeeping note on that.
As of right now, we have just under 225 tickets left.
I think it's like 221 tickets left.
So if you want to get those tickets, it is June 7th and 8th.
And what we're doing, just so people know this because I want to orientate you, it kind of has the energy of a college football game back in the day before masks.
It's completely irreverent.
There's no sponsors.
So there's no censorship.
I don't tell the speakers what to say.
Each speaker is given about 15 minutes to speak.
We have 70 speakers, so 70 plus speakers over two days.
And we have a meet and greet on Thursday that's a monster meet and greet on Thursday at four o'clock.
And so it's a great way to meet thousands of people and it's back-to-back speakers, doors open at 6 a.m., first speaker starts at 8, and we just go nonstop for two consecutive days.
So really it's a great way to meet people, to get connected, and to be around other people that are critical thinkers.
So thank you so much for allowing me to share about the event.

[SPEAKER_01]
What venue is it at?

[SPEAKER_11]
It's at a church in Detroit, and this particular pastor apparently really, really loves what the tour has been doing and was just saying, hey, lawsuits, litigation, reputation risk, all that.
We don't worry about it.
We want you guys to bring this to Detroit.
And so Eric, Trump, and General Flynn wanted to get to Michigan, and it's harder to do that when you can't find a venue, you know?
So this church rolled out the carpet for us, so we're really excited for that.
And all the details are there at timedefreeamerica.com.

[SPEAKER_08]
until hopefully a VSRF can have a presence over there in Detroit.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, absolutely.
And again, we do free media booths.
Any vendors, we let vendors name their price too.
I do all that because I just want to be affordable.
There's so many conferences, both Democrat and Republican, where you have to pay 20 grand for a media booth or 10 grand for a vendor booth.
We just let people name their price.
And we're doing that because we really want to wake up as many people as possible.

[SPEAKER_08]
So if you're in Detroit or anywhere near there, go to the event.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, I'll see you there, Shana.

[SPEAKER_01]
I know I'm just thinking about everyone that I need to tell to go buy tickets.
They're there, so it's perfect.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, thank you.
Steve, thank you, Olivia.
I appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, thank you both for your time.
And we'll hopefully see you again soon.
Angela and Steve, stick around, please.
We've got a few more announcements.
And I'm going to end the show with a clip from Chris Cuomo.
So stick around for that before we end the show.
The story of Auburn is just always gets me these families and the suffering that they have to go through.
It's just so tragic.

[SPEAKER_07]
It's so hard, Livia, because it's like I go to bed at night with them on my mind and I wake up with them on my mind.
And for me, it's just this burning desire that my whole career has been saving children and caring the best for children and taking the best care of people.
And I wouldn't have done my job well if I don't continue to fight and be an advocate and be their voice, because what they have done to these kids is so wrong.
and we can't let them get away with this and we can't let them ever do this to us again and our children.
They need to know that this is not okay.

[SPEAKER_08]
No, not okay at all.
I want to say before we leave tonight that
We are having an Epic Fundraising Benefit Show on May 23rd in two weeks with some big names you all know and love.
But right now we're trying to raise donations tonight to help fund us through the end of this month.
So here's how you can help us text VSRF to 53555 and please give what you can.
So please support today.
And speaking of support, I want to continue our donor spotlight series.
We have another amazing donor spotlight for this week's show.
For tonight's donor spotlight, we are featuring super fans J&J from Charleston, South Carolina, not to be confused with Johnson & Johnson, of course.
J&J have been huge supporters of VSRF going all the way back to 2021 and have never given up hope that one day the truth around the terrible harms that these vaccines have caused would come to life and justice would be served to those who perpetrated these unforgivable acts.
J&J tune in every week, donate their time, talents and treasure to VSRF and have no plans to stop.
We are so close to winning this thing, we cannot give up now.
Thank you J&J for everything you do to support our work here at VSRF.
You are also heroes to us.
And also coming up, we're getting really close to the World Health Organization Treaty, 17 days before the vote in Geneva to approve this World Health Organization Treaty and amendments to the International Health Regulations.
That happens later this month on May 27th, and we need to raise hell from now until then.
Here's what you can do.
Check out Dorda Freedom's new webpage to help with action.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
Make three critical phone calls to Washington D.C. regularly.
Call your two U.S. senators and your one U.S. representative.
Representative Thomas Massey has emphasized how much these phone calls matter.
Make their phones melt down.
Phone calls really do make a difference and influence how your reps will vote.
As Representative Massey says, if they don't see the light, make them feel the heat.
Sign the American Sovereignty Declaration on a Line Act campaign.
Tell your representatives and the federal government to exit the who.
Reject the who treaty and IHR agreements.
We will put the links to several key websites to follow in the chat, doortofreedom.org, information and resources.
Include talking points, handouts, model state legislation, memes and posters you can print and share.
Dora Freedom will never, will cover the live event on May 27th with live commentary by Dr. Merrill Nass.
Also, June 1st, there is a huge rally in Geneva in front of the UN at the Palace of Nations.
There will be some amazing speakers.
Steve, I think you might be even going possibly as one of the speakers, so that would be great to have you there.
Uh, and also let me see, let me talk about next week show, cause we're going to talk about it next week with Dr. Kat Linley is going to be on.
She, uh, she will be discussing the treaty and provide us with the latest updates.
So you won't want to miss that conversation.
One other announcement.
We're still working on our locals Channel we're hoping to build a strong community where we can all engage with each other on a consistent basis And we hope everybody in our chat will join once we're up and running and we'll keep you posted on that
And then lastly, if you want to get some swag, some VSRF or misinformation super spreader gear, Janet, we'll put the link in the chat.
Please go to vaxafety.org and hit on the shop button and you can take your pick from all the great swag that we have available.
Well, quite an episode tonight, a little fun with Clay, and then definitely some heaviness with Shana and her family and Auburn's tragic death.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Amazing people, though.
Amazing, brave people fighting, and, you know, we'll continue doing that with them alongside them.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah.
Any parting words, Steve, before we say goodnight?

[SPEAKER_10]
Nope.
We got to keep educating people.

[SPEAKER_08]
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Well, thank you both for being here.
And I'm going to close tonight with a supercut of some of Chris Cuomo's
past and present, what he said before, way back in 2021, and now what he's saying now.
So it's a, it's a really interesting watch.
So stay tuned for this and we will see you all next week.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for being here tonight.
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you, Angela and everyone.
Have a great weekend and a happy Mother's Day.
See you all next week.

[SPEAKER_07]
Happy Mother's Day.
Take care.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm not vaccinated.
Are you?
I am.
How about your parents, your wife, your kids?
You're hesitant.
No I got vaccinated.
So today the New York Times released an article that's getting a lot of play that says that there are thousands of people who say they're still suffering side effects they believe from the vaccine.
You are ignoring the science that suggests that if you get vaccinated you protect yourself you protect the people around you and you help us get out of this pandemic a little bit faster.

[SPEAKER_02]
We know that vaccines can have unintended consequences, a.k.a.

[SPEAKER_12]
side effects, but nobody's really talking about it because they're too afraid of blame and they just want it to go away.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, where does it end?

[SPEAKER_12]
It ends with you getting the vaccine so that this virus doesn't keep replicating and creating variants that we need to find ways to combat.
But the problem is people like Sean and me and millions of others who still have weird stuff with their blood work and their lives and their feelings, you know, physically are not going away.
The whole reason this is happening is because people won't protect themselves.
Tony, I mean, what are you thinking?

[SPEAKER_02]
Let me first thank you for having the courage to bring this out, this topic out.
I've waited three years for this moment, so this is really important to me and thousands of other people just like me.
Why do I believe this?
It's not a belief, it's a fact.

[SPEAKER_12]
You have the freedom not to take the vaccine.
I just don't know why you think it's a good move.

[SPEAKER_02]
I went from being a 100% healthy, fully functioning nurse
to an a complete downward spiral of health.

[SPEAKER_12]
My stance here is a pro-freedom stand only.
It's not political.

[SPEAKER_02]
German scientists, they were more interested to help me than people here in my own country.
It's less political there.

[SPEAKER_12]
So I'm trying to help you.
The science is clear, Tony.

[SPEAKER_02]
We don't even really have an official finding.

[SPEAKER_12]
on long COVID.
And I know that's weird because I say that I have long COVID, but I only say that I have long COVID because the doctors who are treating me are calling it long COVID.
Trying to help me.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't want you to get sick the way I was sick.
The science is clear.

[SPEAKER_12]
Oh, you care about me all of a sudden, huh?
There's really no incentive to get out in front of this because it's just bad PR, right?
I mean, nobody's gonna get padded on the back for saying, yeah, Sean's right.
Because I don't like people making bad decisions for themselves and their family.
There's their side effects on some of the vaccines or all of the vaccines.
Is your family vaccinated?
Yes.
Nobody wants to say that because it's all political now.
I made my case.
You didn't have much to say.
You didn't have much to say.
I mean, honestly, you sound like an idiot.

[SPEAKER_02]
The censorship and the hiding of it is actually fueling vaccine.

[SPEAKER_12]
Of course, you have the freedom not to take it.
The question is, is it a good move?
He doesn't know the science.

[SPEAKER_02]
The government had just said, hey,
These are novel vaccines.
There will be reactions.
Let's just have a program in place to deal with them.
Right.
This is my problem with the enablers of guys like this.
But instead, what happened is they just suppressed me.

[SPEAKER_09]
The people who are not getting vaccines, who are believing the lies on the internet instead of science, it's time to start shaming them.

[SPEAKER_02]
When I tried to reach out online, Facebook, Instagram, they would tag my messages as if it's information.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_12]
You're going to question the vaccine, but you want to take a horse dewarmer.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, let me tell you something.

[SPEAKER_12]
Sean, I can't help you because I'm no clinician.
I'm sick myself.
This suggestion that somehow there is a strength in the resistance to the science, to the mandate, to being told, you don't tell me, I'll do.
I will never stop reporting on this.
And all I'm doing is just beating the drum of you need to have a 9-11 style commission.
It just doesn't make any sense to figure out what worked and what didn't and what questions need to be answered because it's not over.
Guys like this, I was hoping it was a stunt.
It's not jokes on me.
