[SPEAKER_04]
play this is when I knew like hmm all right this is so dangerous keep grandma in the basement but you can go fly wherever you like and here's the best part of you've been flying they get you soon as you walk in the terminal make sure you wear your mask at all time do your part
Stay six foot safe, yeah.
You know when that doesn't work?
The minute you board that plane, everyone's like... Come on, I'm gonna get overhead space.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Excuse me, we gotta get on the plane.

[SPEAKER_00]
Not enough overhead space.

[SPEAKER_04]
Now, you're on a plane.
I'm on a tube.
I'm in a tube.
and enclosed tube.
Okay?
And then I'm sitting next to someone right here.
And right here.
And this person here, I know that he's about three bills.
He's got high cholesterol.
He's already huffing and puffing.
I'm not used to walking from one terminal to the other.
I've had the gout three times in the last year, but they wouldn't take me because of COVID.
Doctors don't take anyone nowadays unless you're almost dead and they put you on the respirator.
So I said, I'm not dying, but I got the gout.
And the mass is keeping him clean, his cheeks are out there here.
Oh, let's not forget the air vent above that he's too high to... Trust the science!
I know a doctor!
I know a doctor!
Fats and figures!
Then they walk up and down the aisles.
It is a federal crime if we catch you with that mask below your nose.
You keep it on all times or you may never fly again and you may deal with federal punishment.

[SPEAKER_05]
She's racking up charges instead of miles.

[SPEAKER_04]
But it's snack time!
You can take them off!
Oh, thank you!
Thank you, science.
Thank you, experts.
I get to eat with no mask on.
We're so safe when we eat peanuts.
Isn't this fun?
Thank God I'm safe.
Well, the vaccinators, you were real cocky a couple months ago.
We got vaccinated.
Got my second shot April 19th.
I can't get sick from the corona.
I'm vaccinated.
See this bucket of virus?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm vaccinated.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'll even lick and metal.
I'm not afraid of anything.
I don't have to wear a mask.

[SPEAKER_05]
People vaccinated are getting sick.

[SPEAKER_04]
What?
You need a new booster.
What?
Who wants a shot?
Who wants to see a pole game?

[SPEAKER_05]
Wave your flipper.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's for you.
Go see the ball game.
Who wants to work again?
That's for you.
Who wants your kids educated?
What's in the shot?
It's safe.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!

[SPEAKER_03]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kerr speaks with John Bowdwin Sr. and Professor Carl Hennigan about COVID data manipulation and corruption occurring at all levels since the pandemic crisis began.

[SPEAKER_00]
There is a real story to be told and evidence to be brought forward by what we call the other side, but actually those who want to produce an evidence-based approach.
And actually I was the only witness that's called from that position.
Despite the fact I think the public, huge swathes of the media understand that's an important discussion and debate that has to have it had.

[SPEAKER_05]
Here's some real data that I got from Massachusetts.
I have one million unredacted death certificates, about 500,000 from Massachusetts, 420,000 from Minnesota, and the balance comes from Vermont.
What happened on a year boundary when the vaccines were introduced?
Everything shifted to blood and circulatory.
Blood and circulatory deaths, all of a sudden started going up.
They didn't go up when COVID was around in 2020.
They all of a sudden started going up in 2021.

[SPEAKER_03]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
Tonight, we'll be speaking with two experts in the field of medical data analysis, each bringing their own unique perspective to the table.
World renowned epidemiologist, Dr. Carl Hennigan and systems engineer expert, John Bodwin Sr. Dr. Hennigan has been at the forefront of public health research and policy, shedding light on critical issues throughout the pandemic.
And John has decades of experience in analyzing complex data systems
and identifying vulnerabilities.
Tonight our focus is on a topic that has shaken the foundation of public trust and integrity.
The unlawful manipulation and corruption of COVID data from the highest levels of government to local reporting systems.
No corner has been untouched by this troubling phenomenon.
Together with our experts, we'll explore the depths of this issue, dissecting its root causes and discussing solutions to ensure transparency and accountability moving forward.
But before we bring on our guests, I want to bring on our founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch.
Hello, Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hey, thanks, Livia.
Thanks, Livia.
I'm a little bit under the weather right now.
I think I've got some sort of virus.
So I'm going to probably take off a little bit early today, just FYI.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, thank you for getting out of bed and braving whatever it is that you got to join us this evening.
I know this was an important conversation for you to have.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, it is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I'm going to actually just jump right in and bring in our first guest who might actually be able to give you some diagnoses as to how to treat you.
Professor Carl Hennigan, welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, welcome.
Thanks for having me.
I hope you're going to be OK, Steve.
And yeah, thanks, Livio.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, let me, I'm going to read a bio of you so our audience can get to know a little bit about you.
You are the director of the University of Oxford, Oxford's Center for Evidence-Based Medicine, C-E-B-M, and former editor-in-chief of the BMJ Evidence-Based Medicine, and you're also a practicing general practitioner for the NHS, the National Health Service in the UK.
You're a clinical epidemiologist and world-renowned expert advising governments on the regulatory and evidence requirements for devices and drugs as well as evidence-based projects in the public interest.
You were an expert witness in the September 2023 UK Inquiry Trial where you postulated that political and other agendas and influences, apart from actual medical evidence,
were responsible for most of the ineffective COVID responses witnessed in that country and around the world.
Wow.
Thank you for joining us this evening.

[SPEAKER_00]
You're welcome.
You're welcome.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I want to bring on our next guest as well and give him his due introduction, John Bodwin Sr. John, welcome back to the program.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you very much for having me.
Appreciate it.
And I'm honored to be on the same stage with Professor Hannigan.
I'm humbled.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's an honor to have you back.
And I'm gonna just, I know you were on not that long, but I want to recap your bio as well.
You are a Christian and father of three sons.
You hold a BS in systems engineering and an MBA in management.
In July 2018, your oldest son passed away tragically after a motorcycle accident at the age of 20.
Early into the pandemic, you recognized the fraudulent COVID narrative for what it was and dedicated your life to saving other children from harm.
You were a law student and subsequently expelled due to your COVID vaccination status.
Now you use your engineering, economics, morality, law, and philosophy to find evidence and bring truth to the people.
I think I speak for everyone here when I say we offer our deepest condolences to you and your family for the loss of your son.
And we thank you for your tireless work to help expose the truth.
I'm going to leave you gentlemen to have a, what I'm sure will be a riveting conversation and I'll be back later for Q and a please put your questions in the chat question in all cap as the conversation is going and we'll try to get to your questions as quickly and efficiently as we can take it away gentlemen.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Hey, let's start with the elephant in the room, which is all of these sudden deaths that are happening.
There are theories as to what might cause these.
But there seems to be only one theory that really is consistent all the way through.
which is that's the COVID vaccines and it's not the COVID viruses.
Professor Hannigan, would you agree with that?

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm not gonna agree with that, Steve, because that would be making me the professor of opinion-based medicine.
The key here is, and we're trying to do this in the UK, what we're trying to do in the UK, and the Parliament are trying to do, is try to get independent investigations into what's going on.
And in doing so, and if it's independent, you can start to build a causative pathway.
And that requires evidence that we don't have access to.
And there are two or three ways that you can go about looking at the evidence.
One is to go back to the clinical study reports, which you're aware of.
We've been involved in the release of documents of trying to get the FDA wanted to take about 60 years to release the clinical study reports.
Now clinical study reports are incredibly important in terms of understanding the evidence and I'm just going to take a few minutes to explain this why it is.
Going back to the 209 swine flu pandemic,
We looked at the antivirals, Tamiflu, I'll sell Tamabare, and the other ones are Namibare, but I'm just going to focus on the Tamiflu.
And at the time, we realized about 60% of all the evidence had never been published.
So we went and looked at the clinical study reports, and it took us four and a half years to do that analysis, get the data, organize it, and then publish it in full.
Now,
the date of a commonality is available.
And if you were to look at that and go to it, you'd see that they're actually, these are huge compared to the four or five pages that are published in New England Journal of Medicine, which we consider are completely not worth looking at.
You're talking 2,639 documents.
And it needs some serious group to start looking at it.
So that's one way.
is go to the clinical study reports, you can impede it.
The second way is to have independent investigations to start to go into the data.
And in doing so, go into places, we've got death certificates, we could look at what's going on, the medical notes, and do field investigations.
That's two.
The third bit that's important, and there's a letter just gone into UK Parliament asking this question about our regulatory processes.
And we should talk about the problems with regulation.
is asking questions that when these vaccines were released, there was supposed to be a comprehensive post-marketing surveillance with epidemiological studies done by the regulators.
After two and a half years, there's still not been a single study forthcoming.
So I think what happens there is you end up in this situation where people in the uncertainty and the void just go, well, I can have any cause you want.
We've got about eight different causes that you could put to it.
I mean, there's lots of different ones you could put to it.
There are certainly some problems in the young people where we've looked at it in the males and the myocarditis.
But I think it's key, if you bring me as Professor Evan of Plays Medicine, I'm setting a pathway, how you start to study this.
And we have to have a regulator who is fit for purpose.
And that's one of the problems we've got right now.

[SPEAKER_02]
So would it be fair to say that the regulator in the UK is not fit for purpose?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, look, I think we have a system that's pretty poor.
It relies on what's called a yellow card system.
You can illuminate me on the US system.
But basically, what happens is if you have an adverse event as a doctor, what you're supposed to do is fill in a yellow card and send that into the regulator.
Now that system about 50-60 years ago was used and was world-leading but it's never moved on since the 1960s.
Now systematic reviews say about 94% of all serious adverse events never get reported and it could be as high as 98%.
Now the MHRA themselves when they looked into this in 2018 said only about one in ten series adverse events were reported.
So the system is broken.
There are countries around the world who do it much better, like Norway, where doctors are mandated to report.
It's part of their regulations.
They have to report any adverse events.
If we did that, we'd be able to get a much better understanding.
But just if 80-90% of adverse events are not being reported in any way, you can see the confusion and the problems that end up
and why it's difficult to ascertain true causation so that we can then move on and start understanding what to do next.

[SPEAKER_02]
So when you look at this data, do you look at it and say, hey, this is very troubling.
This shouldn't be here.
These signals
are significant and like, how do they explain this?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I think if you look at, I think it's interesting, if you look at the advice now in the UK is the advice now is for COVID vaccines is that to only give them over 65.
and that at under 65 that actually you will only get them if you've got immunosuppression.
So what they've done here is create the benefit harm and say below 65 you now don't benefit.
So the key about any intervention is the first thing is you have to have harm.
And if there are no harms to you, then actually what will happen is any intervention you give, you won't derive any benefit.
So the problem is the young people who are mandated or given this vaccine are so not at risk from COVID.
particularly now with the new variants and so forth, that actually many of the other viruses are much more deleterious to young people than COVID.
And we can talk about the other 30 if you want, but actually you've got to have a threshold and sensible.
So if you're under 65 in this country, you actually cannot get the vaccine.
You can't buy it privately.
You can't get hold of it unless you've got some medical reason.
And so what that does is create a sensible threshold where people try to say,
We're looking at the evidence and see who are the people who are harmed.
And actually, if you look at COVID in the first wave and say, the people over 75 were at risk, like they are at risk with any acute respiratory infection.
In fact, all of them are deleterious, particularly those over 75.

[SPEAKER_02]
So this would suggest that these people who are taking the vaccine
like is there a oh absolutely there there is a my brain's not quite working that that there's there's absolutely you know some sort of signal here that shows that these vaccines are not
They're not beneficial for these people who are older.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's difficult.
The thing is when you are older, the first thing is the vaccines don't do anything to transmission.
We can all agree on that and even the regulators agree with that.
That's the mandates have gone.
People often think that vaccines, same with the influenza vaccine, it reduces your risk of infection.
It doesn't do that.
But the second issue is, as you get older, so by the time you're plus 75, your risk of complications does go up.
Now the key is, if you can give people informed information about the benefits and harms, then actually it's up to them to make an informed decision.
And that's important for any decision in healthcare.
And the question is, though, the regulator here has said, we've looked at the evidence, and in under 65, we can't see any benefits for the people.
So you're not making it available.
So you don't even have a choice.

[SPEAKER_02]
So over 65, do you see a benefit?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I think in terms of the evidence suggests that in over 65, in the original vaccines, that there was a benefit for the over 65.
I think that's fair to say in terms of a reduction in symptoms and complications.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
There's some evidence that John has collected in Massachusetts and other states that shows that in fact these vaccines are not necessarily safe and effective as we might think.
So, John, would that be a fair statement?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah.
Steve, I'm sorry you're not feeling well, first of all.
I usually have more energy.
You smile a lot, so I feel bad for you.
I'm also sick.
So just for you, I'm going to go through behavioral RTL, gate level, and transistor level.
Now let me translate that for everybody else.
At the highest level of abstraction of data, you've got these large studies where you can talk about all-cause mortality and you don't have a lot of variables.
So that's like a high level abstraction of data.
Now, if you look at individual codes like an ICD-10 code or something, you get down into deeper levels of obstruction with more detail, and you can figure out more things.
But then you add age groups, you get more.
If you go to the individual desk certificates, you have even more.
I can go to the, so I have over a million, I now have a 1.4 million, but I can't really announce one of the states I got yet, so I'm gonna table that for about three months.
And in looking at the individual records, that's where you find the fraud.
Now, the fraud, it has to be either knowing or should have known, right, that their statements are misrepresentations.
In this case, I've proven they're intentional, they're purposeful.
So you have a purposeful omission of conduct and that is putting vaccine events on death certificates.
to address the, I guess I just want to get right to the over 65, right?
Because I can go by acute post-temorrhagic anemia, thrombocytopenia, I have the individual files for those.
But if you go to the over 65 and you look at the Simpsons paradoxes that occurred, and that a lot of the
researchers from around the world have been looking at over 65.
But let's say in Massachusetts, what you had is you had a huge glut of over 85s who died in the first wave.
Now they can't die again.
Now, what happened was the deficit of the 85.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know.
I mean, in today's world, I think that people could die multiple times for COVID.

[SPEAKER_05]
But that deficit?
So they can't die again.
And when I looked at, I separated the 65 to 74 and the 79 and the 80 to 84 and the 85 plus, I found that that first wave was so big in the 85 plus.
that there was a deficit in the beginning of 2021.
So that massive burst happened in Massachusetts, March to mid June of 2020, 2020.
And then when the second wave comes around, that was mostly in 2021 in the beginning,
you find that the 65 started dying.
Now, they just survived the whole wave.
It went through society and they were exposed to COVID as much as all the 85 pluses were, but they didn't die in that first wave.
Not only did they start dying in the second wave, but it lasted all summer long.
So now you have the seasonality profile of a disease, a respiratory, purportedly respiratory virus that killed people mostly
in that first wave, which until spring happened, and it turned off like a switch.
And then you get into the winter where it turns on again.
But there was a steady state signal.
So now I'll get into signals real quick.
When you separate out
everything from normal.
So you take your normal curves from 2015 through 2019, and then you subtract out what you get should be, if it's a disease, it should still be a seasonal respiratory virus where the amplitude of the signal during the on season is higher than normal, and the second one would be a little bit lower, and the third one, third year should be even lower.
And that is what happened in the older people.
As you go into the younger people,
The smallest wave was the first one, and then the middle one is the average.
And the third wave, the third wave, the third season of COVID, after they all got vaccinated, Massachusetts is among the top four vaccinated in the United States.
More people are dying from pneumonia.
and pneumonia with COVID in the third wave than in the first wave.
It's crazy.
So I don't know how that answers anything.
I could go into any individual cause you want.
The cancers are starting now, but I think we're talking about acute problems now, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
So there's two different things going on.
But I think what we're seeing is there's a divergence.
I'm not over the US data, but there's a divergence here between the UK strategy.
Remembering that in the first
The first vaccine schedule here in the UK was the AstraZeneca.
And that was really interesting in what happened there because that has disappeared off the country out of Europe.
It's not used anymore.
Now that was pulled and it was a delay here, regulatory failing here again because it delayed it in terms of the age group.
They said it shouldn't be used in under 30s, then a month later it was under 40s.
At the same time, Norway was pulling the vaccine.
and in other European countries and it took a quite few months and now there are a number of cases around AstraVeneca but actually in terms of the booster program we haven't seen any young people or any so that it just doesn't apply in the same way because the whole strategy is different
But what you're talking about the first wave is this significant excess in the first wave where two-thirds of the deaths were in over 70, the median age was 82, and we had about 40% of the deaths were in cows.
So that was a real problem because the care homes was about abandonment, neglect, people were dying of renal failure due to dehydration.
And this idea that you just leave people and particularly hear the care homes are underfunded, poorly constructed and people were left alone in their own rooms.
And if you take a person with dementia,
and give them a viral infection and don't let them drink for a day or two.
They'll get confused, they can't drink and they're in deep, deep trouble.
And when people say, well, what do you mean they're in deep trouble?
I say, well, it's like leaving a two year old alone.
in your house and just saying we're abandoning you.
That's what it's like when you've got dementia in your 85s.
So we had significant problems with care homes.
Not only that, as we locked down, infections in care homes went up.
And we had all sorts of issues with people working across multiple care homes.
So they were taking it from one to the other and spreading the infection.
Really bad policies.
The other thing we did here was discharge people from hospital
into care homes with the infection and in the care homes they had no protection there was no ability to isolate anybody but to empty the hospitals because everybody said it we're going to be completely overwhelmed which wasn't the case we basically took thousands of people and just dropped them into care homes and it's like sending them into the worst place you can consider
because just to say any infection, so Steve you probably the most prominent prevalent infection is rhinovirus it counts for about third of all infections under 65 rhinovirus is a cold no problem put it in a care home it's deadly
The ones in the middle, all of the viruses are pretty poor in care homes.
So that's a huge problem, but we have a difference with what you're talking about in terms of the data.
Now, I suspect for you, John, it's gonna take you quite some time to get over the top of that data, write a protocol, and then analyze it, and then put it together and put the argument together.
Good luck.
And I think that's the sort of, it takes a lot of time to do good epidemiology.
That's the problem, and it takes resources.
And if that's why we need independent investigators to be funded, they'll say, this is your job.
And I think if we did that, that would somehow help us understand the answers, but also restore a bit of trust because you said at the beginning of the show that somehow COVID has taught us about the problems in medicine.
I can go back 25 years and say there's been growing problems in medicine since probably the turn of the century.
with the growing realization of how much money can be made in healthcare.
We've had loads of drugs where they've had problems, Vioxx, Rosy Glitter Zone.
I do work in medical devices.
It's even worse in medical devices, metal hits, transvaginal mesh.
Huge problems we've got with that.
We've now got lots of court cases for sodium valprate for pregnant women.
So there's so many problems in medicine.
What's happening is,
COVID has said, do you know what?
People need to be aware of this and actually start shouting about it and say, we need better systems.
That starts with the regulator.
The FDA needs to do a better job.
It's got structural problems in how it looks, evidence and what it approves and how it makes the data available.
It wanted to take, I think it was about 65 years to release the common arty data.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you need to be accurate.
You need to be accurate.
Yeah.
Seventy-five years.

[SPEAKER_00]
Seventy-five, yeah.
Seventy-five.
I've lost ten years.
Seventy-five years to release the data, and their job is to keep us safe.

[SPEAKER_04]
So, somebody, this is a serious problem.
After seventy-five years.

[SPEAKER_00]
Some unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_05]
Go ahead, sorry.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, isn't that clear corruption and...
It's, you know, intent to deceive, defraud, what have you, right?
How could you release this after 75 years, when after the judge ruled that it was, it had to be produced much sooner than that, suddenly they were able to actually produce the data on the judge's timeframe.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, there's a mixture here of incompetence, defensiveness and, like you say, is a legal behaviour.
And I don't know what is going on.
I often think I see a lot of people are incompetent and what they're doing is they really just don't want to release it because they're so worried, they become defensive and go, we can't get to the truth.
But actually if we had a system that was transparent,
There would be an ability to produce medicines, drugs, even vaccines that actually would get to the market and make a difference.
But at the moment, it is like a big smoke screen.
And probably an area where it's even worse is in cancer drugs and oncology.
We could talk about that.
And the problem there is the changing goalpost.
I've got students looking, DFIL students doing PhDs, looking at how the companies are changing the endpoint of disease-free progression.
to try and make the treatments look better.
And what you're really interested in is overall survival.
So just, I wanted to make the point, COVID is an amplification of all the problems that we face.
And there are huge problems in the way evidence is derived, and particularly how it's published and disseminated, which means it's very hard to get to the truth.
And that's what we face.
What I can't do is give you what the truth is.
Sometimes I don't know.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I wrote an article recently.
It's not public yet, but it's targeted at the UK ONS and basically says that, hey, if we want to really find out what's going on with the COVID vaccine, we need to be looking at these time series cohort analysis and
publishing that so that people have a rock solid data that shows that whether or not the vaccines are safe or not safe.
And yet when I try to ask the UK ONS,
to produce this data, what they say is, well, you know, we already produced some time series analysis and we don't wanna do anything more on this.
And I'm going like, whoa, because I can tell you that this is the data that they're producing is hiding the signal
for mortality.
And so it's not fair.
It's not showing us what the truth is.
And so that's the big thing, that we're not seeing what the truth is because they basically say, hey, we don't want to produce this data for you.
And even though we could,
We don't want to do this.
And I think the excuse that they use is that, well, it could disclose confidential information and therefore would be bad.
In fact, that's just not true at all.
So these people are using excuses to say, here's why we're not producing the data that you need.
And I think that is very corrupt.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's worse than that, Steve.
I mean, I agree with you.
You know I agree with you.
And we both submitted bills to various state houses to make data more transparent.
This is their job.
They exist as a public health.
Their mission is for the public health.
What is the public health and report it to us?
And we're begging them for data for the work that they should be doing?
Now, I mean, do we want to get into epidemiological models, evidence-based medicine, and talk about binomial and Poisson and normal.
We don't need to.
We don't need to.
The entire field of epidemiology and the modeling that they pursue.
It would be far better if they were to look at discrete cosine transforms.
The modeling that they do based on statistical methods is wrong, because every time you deploy a new government action to don't close down or vaccinate, all these things change.
All the variables so much that your normal distribution from past history is worthless.
And they know this, and this was all planned.
They know there are many changes.

[SPEAKER_02]
So let me just interject that there's this paper that was published about 99 million vaccinations.
And it's published in a peer-reviewed journal.
And the claim is that there's nothing to see here, folks.
These adverse events, they're minor.
They're not going to cause people to die.
And so you have this gaslighting of people.
And I'm not sure that there are people who are speaking out.
against the gas lighting attacks on this study.
So for example, John, I don't know if anybody has actually written article, substack, whatever on this study to say, hey, these guys didn't follow the protocol.
They were supposed to follow the protocol, and they didn't.
And so they cherry picked the data, and so the study isn't valid.
So there are things like that that I'm not seeing anybody
Essentially disclose this is a limited hangout.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean I learned that term from my friend Keith Wilkins He's he writes political moonshine great guy.
He's been ahead of everybody for a couple years Keith Keith The limited hangout they're telling you enough information to make To it's an admission if you go through admissions in a law case right admissions before you do Depositions and so forth.
These are their admissions, but it's only enough to
to let you know that, oh, they're telling you some truth.
But the major truth is right staring you in the face.
But I just want to get to one thing before we go on.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_05]
USA was mentioned.
To look at USA as a whole for any epidemiological study is just patently ridiculous.
We're 3,000 miles wide.
We have different climates in every part of the United States.
You have to look at everything individually.
When I look at Massachusetts versus Minnesota versus the other state I now have.
There are vast differences.
And those differences manifest not only from the fraud, but also from the behavior of the source data.
This is really important because I think this VSRF today was advertised to talk about the base source of the data.
In Minnesota, the weirdest thing was all these causes of death went up like 40% per year for like 10 years.
Like that's impossible, a whole bunch of them.
But when you look at the whole, all cause, right?
It wasn't going up 40% a year every year.
Why did that happen?
I have a theory.
I'll give it to you right now because it's an impossibility that these things went up like cardiac arrhythmia or whatever it is.
It's impossible that they went up as much as they did.
What you have, a bunch of lazy, I'll say lazy, medical examiners who fill out death certificates who are aging out when maybe the younger guys were trained better and they're coming in, they're just starting to fill out more causes of death on the death certificate so that data isn't showing the true health of people in Minnesota.
It's just showing the behavior of those who fill out death certificates over a 10-year period.
So you have behavioral
externalities to use an economics term that come in and they mess up the data.
Now, if you say Ketris Paravis, right, that's going to be the same trend.
And if that trend is even a 40% gain, and all of a sudden one year you have an 80%, the next year you have 160%.
Well, you can still say there's a signal there because you've taken consideration of that
growth of people who actually fill out death certificates.
So these are the types of things that I think are important to look at that underlie the data that I haven't seen any research papers look at.
And that is the behavior of the individuals that create the data.

[SPEAKER_00]
So just to come in on that, when you talked about the ONS and Office for National Statistics here, the systematic review, the evidence on death certificate is somewhere between 50 to 80% of them can contain errors.
And we wrote about this because we did the review and looked into the evidence.
And there are two ways to do it.
One is an error of emission or addition.
You add in something or you take something away.
But the other way a death certificate works, and this is how it is.
You have a top line.
This is what immediately caused it.
And then what we call a 1B, where you have a line and a line.
And whatever's on the lowest of 1B is what we call the underlying cause.
So if you went into hospital with a heart attack and got COVID and had respiratory arrest, it would be a heart attack.
That was the underlying cause, not COVID and a respiratory arrest.
But you can do that the other way.
If you went in with COVID, had a heart attack and respiratory arrest.
Now, interestingly, we did the FOIs and looked in the UK.
How will we classify in COVID deaths?
And what we found is there were 14 different ways of classifying a death.
to the point where in the care home, you didn't even need a medical examiner, you didn't need a positive test, and the care home assistant could just say it's a COVID death.
And we found about 8% of all deaths in care home just had COVID on the death certificate, which when you think about it is implausible.
These people are 85, they'll have dementia, they'll have all sorts of other things that should have been on there.
But you're dead right about what we call an upstream problem coming into these.
And we spoke to the O&S about this and said, you could start to do some analysis to look at how these clustering effects occur.
So when something's common, suddenly it appears really quickly without any fault process.
And that's the problem with what's been the past when people try to say, well, COVID's more prevalent than influenza and pneumonia.
And you go, no, no, nobody's got a clue because nobody tests their influenza.
So nobody has a clue what the prevalence of that is on death certificates.
Now, we're supposed to be bringing in a medical examiner system, which is to try and improve the system to try and have a look at the medical records and do that.
It's going to be very costly.
And actually, we are accepting that there's a problem.
But coming back to your point, Steve, you can either try and answer the question, or what we're trying to do is step back a bit and try and say, we need to fix the system.
Because I think there's too much mess at the moment to be able to get to a point.
So this is about trying to go to the lobbying bit and the regulator, unless somebody comes in with a big bomb and goes, yeah, we found something really problematic.
Is the whole system needs a root and branch change, which you're saying starts with,
When a person asks a question legitimate of a member of the public, there should be a response that says we are duty bound to answer this.
And that's what we're here for.
That's what we pay taxes for and put money in.
They should not be able to say, we're going to stonewall you, which perpetuates all sorts of problems and makes us feel like we can't trust any of our institutions, which right now is a key problem, I think.
We are in this trust problem.
where we go in, you know, the establishment, they're doing things that just don't make sense.
I'll give you a good example.
We've just put an article in the telegraph yet today, which is about four years after they've done it, the ONS has just recalculated how it does its excess death.
And it's made some fudges, and there's huge problems with it.
But actually, we were calling in the pandemic and saying, if you take the 2019 average where there was a historical low and use that, you end up with this very low average, and it accentuates what we call the excess deaths.
You should have been using a trend in terms of the population growth and the aging population.
We also should be using something called a harmonic trend.
which means if you have a bad year, you're likely to have a good year.
And if you have a good year, you're likely to follow it with a bad year.
And if you do that, you can press the excess mortality in 2020.
And then suddenly you start to see
the problem.
And when it comes to it, where you see the most variation in deaths from winter seasonal effects, which is a huge issue, is in over 85 year old.
That's where all the variation comes, not in 30 year old.
So when you see signals in young people, you really should be taking it seriously.
Now, what we've seen, and I'm not going to give old possible causes, is an increase in cardiovascular deaths.
It's not me saying there's a British Heart Foundation come out and said,
There's been about 100,000 excess deaths in the pandemic.

[SPEAKER_02]
I think John would agree with that.

[SPEAKER_05]
I found all this stuff two years ago.

[SPEAKER_00]
We have huge problems here in terms of 7.6 million people on waiting lists.
we've got people on cancer can't get seen within 65 days you can't get an ambulance that's supposed to be there in eight minutes and actually the average of the median is about 13 minutes so we've got lots of things contributing which mean how do you disentangle all that that's the difficult thing because our health service really is struggling right now post pandemic it's almost gone into
It's had a heart attack in the COVID pandemic.
Anybody who thinks you can shut down the system and then restart it like a deep fit, you just go and attack it.
It just is not restarted.
And it's created all sorts of problems.
And we've seen huge problems in all areas, not mental health as well, but particularly things like cancer care, urgent care is a real problem.

[SPEAKER_02]
And so they don't seem to be interested in solving those problems, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, we've actually had questions into the government and basically said, would you investigate it?
And they have no appetite for it at this moment in time.
But I'm aware there are still people around the edges on the back benches.
We call it a bit like your senators and people trying to push the issue.
And that's what we're trying to do is get them to keep asking the questions, pushing on and saying, look, this is an important issue.
We need to start investigating it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So for example, one of the things that I've been pushing for is data transparency, where the UK O&S basically produces these very weak time series cohort analysis that are so weak that they don't show a safety signal.
And I have written to them saying, look, you can't see a safety signal if you're not looking at the detail.
The detail meaning week zero to week 150.
So essentially what I'm looking for is data transparency in the UKONS data.
And what I'm getting back is, hey, we don't want to talk about it.
We don't wanna talk about it.

[SPEAKER_05]
The signals I've found, they would never even look for, Steve.
You look at subcutaneous lesions, okay?

[SPEAKER_02]
It's like an L. Well, I'm just talking about mortality, John.
This is, yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Everything is so easy to find.
I'm one guy with a computer.
I've done more than 250,000 public health employees in the US.
I can go through the age spectrum profile, the symptom spectrum profile, and the seasonality profile of deaths by every cause, age group, anything.
And now I have some scripts somebody wrote for me in SQL, man, I'm pumping out stuff real fast now.
And all epidemiologists should be looking at this.
I don't understand why they're not.
And I think it's just they're begging the government for data that the government should have first done themselves and second should be transparent, like you said.

[SPEAKER_02]
We got to have transparency because they can trust it.
I don't know that there's a honest epidemiologist.
And by honest epidemiologist, it means that they want to see the data.
They want data transparency.
And they're calling for the authorities to create data transparency.
I don't know of a single mainstream epidemiologist.
And Carl, you can correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't know of a single mainstream epidemiologist who is calling for
data transparency of this record level data.
So in other words, the time series cohort analysis done on weak by weak basis, which doesn't disclose any private information.
That's just a complete, you know, it's,

[SPEAKER_00]
I can feel you warming up and feeling a bit better with this conversation.
I can feel your energies coming back to us.
So number one, the problem, the first problem is if you want to have a hard life and feel a bit beat up, study harms.
Because nobody likes talking about harms and going there.
And you have to study it for a long time.
Because if you think about smoking, and smoking is probably the biggest killer that we've ever seen.
I've lived lifelong smoking.
I've lived 10 years less than if you are not a smoker.
It took a 50-year study from Richard Dole's perspective study.
We're looking at sodium valprate at the moment.
It was the signal was in the data in 1980 for the use of sodium valprate in women of childbearing age.
It took until 2014.
for the European regulators to take it seriously.
And even then it took another four years when they said nobody's taking any notice.
In 2018, they had to put a black box warning.
38 years.
Now what's happening if people keep going themselves in the space, loads of women are coming forward and going,
nobody even told me about any of the benefits and harm.
So that's one.
The second thing is, we instigated on the back of the Tami Flu work, I was shocked to understand how much research from randomized trials, clinical trials never get published in full.
And this issue of publication bias, before we get to the ONS, is a huge phenomenon.
About 50% of all research is never published in full.
Despite the fact people participate in these trials, they're consented, it's ethically approved, they give up their time.
And positive trials are about twice more than twice as likely to be published than negative trials.
And it's caused huge problems over time.
And the issue is a real problem.
Now you're moving to our agencies, which have a public function.
Not only do they not have data transparency, they have no peer review.
Because if anybody had looked at their latest approach on XSS, they would have picked up all the problems in an hour or two and said, you need to do this, this, and this.
So what they should be doing is putting this information out there, and the members of the public should be able to write in and say, I've looked at this, and there's an issue.
In doing so, they have to then go on this journey where they expose themselves and go, yeah, we've got to put out there whatever's going on.
But being in the games of calm,
is a long journey.
When it works out, we've had lots of areas with the public who've been harmed by medicine, which has been a huge issue.
And it is a rewarding area, but it takes time.
And it's not like benefits where you can see in the COVID pandemic, we had 200 different policies of interventions that were supposed to work.
You can have them overnight.
roll them out, nobody even questions them, checks you, has a go at you.
But if you go in the world of harms, you have to be detailed, correct.
You'll get all the part and you have to be on message all the time because everybody's ready to throw stones at you.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think the people in the business are being funded mostly by the government.
So your epidemiologists derive most of their income.
I believe from various governments.
Now, it might come through universities that then get it from the governments.
And there might be some drug companies, but they pay for what they get.
The pandemic is a moral pandemic.
It's not a viral pandemic.
The immorality of fudging data and producing studies, it's not going to change unless the people demand transparency to data.
Only transparency will solve the issue, because that's the only way it can be caught.

[SPEAKER_00]
Can I throw another one in there though?
We wrote a piece a couple of days ago at a Senate in the chat.
It was about the US as an outlier in the masking mandates for children.
And I have to say, I'm shocked at the policy in the US.
Professor.
The CDC says children ages two years and older can wear mask respirators to protect themselves and others from COVID-19.
No evidence of protecting other people with mask.
Choose a high quality and comfortable respirator that your child can wear properly.
Now, every other country in Europe knows that children are a non-starter.
We never had primary care school children in the game.
Now,
In the world, there has been three attempts to do randomized controlled trials of masking.
Yet, we've asked billions of people, we've thrown them away in the rivers, in the pollutant environment, they're everywhere.
Why has there been a systemic failure to do trials of interventions, particularly in areas like children?
And importantly, in terms of children's rights,
You only act in the best interest of the children of the child.
You don't act in the best interest of grandma or other people.
So this is nothing about protecting other people because that's against the child's rights.
So if you want to do anything like this, period,
I'm still thinking a two-year-old is a bad eye, but let's say somewhere like school.
You should still be doing randomized trials.
The failure to do that is a complete failure.
And there's only one plausible reason that people are worried that if they do that, they won't get the answers they like.
But if we don't do this research, we'll end up in this opinion-based world where people will just be shouting at each other.

[SPEAKER_02]
And that's where we are today, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And this is always an important wherever you are.
If you realize you've got people on both sides of the argument, there's always a problem with the evidence.
And if you haven't got any evidence, it's perfect.
You can, you can say anything.
We should be masking, double masking two year olds.
You can do what you like with no evidence, but.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Now, the randomized control professor, you think in terms of randomized control trial, because that is your purview.
That is the science that you are in.
What is the purpose of even putting it into a situation where there are so many different variables that you can't control when all you really have to do is an engineering study of fluid dynamics and the material properties of the mask to determine what is the flow through the mask?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that's not the point.
That's like saying that mechanism should be the determination of interventions.
We know mechanisms don't even explain why many drugs work.

[SPEAKER_05]
But the masks don't work.
I mean, internal to the Department of Public Health of Massachusetts, they were sending emails.
They contracted with Professor Gregory Rutledge at MIT.
Professor Gregory Rutledge at MIT tested the masks that the governor had flown in on the New England Patriots jet from China, over a million masks.
I have those internal emails.
The masks failed.
They didn't even work.
Now, that was two weeks before he instituted the mask mandate.
The entire hierarchy of the government within Massachusetts knew that they don't work.
in the Institute of the Mandate anyway.

[SPEAKER_00]
So look, this is the argument.
I could have somebody over.
I've got loads of people who tell me the exact topic.
I've looked at the observational evidence.
What I'm saying is to remove the uncertainty, you can be certain.
The other side can be certain.
What I'm saying is if you want to have a world where everybody operates in a single direction and don't tell me you can't do
trials in schools because we've done them all around people have done them in Uganda even and we've had one in five schools doing trials here randomized trials about educational development spending money to try and work out what works and what doesn't the point is if you do the trial it's a done deal in the absence of the trial there's nothing to stop a year down the line two years down the line rolling out the same policies
Now, we can shout all we want from the high end.
It doesn't work or not.
But if we don't actually sit here and say, if we don't address the uncertainties for policy interventions, we'll end up with more and more policy intervention.
And next time, there will be no difference.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a propaganda war.
And they own the media.
That's the problem.
If everybody knew what I knew and had the internal communications of the Department of Public Health, it would be over.
But they won't let it be heard.
propaganda.

[SPEAKER_00]
But I think you look look but in terms of where you want to be there's nothing to stop it was a political decision whether it's a political decision nothing to stop in five years time you'll have a whole tranche of new politicians in place they'll come back in lack of institutional knowledge they'll say the fears are we've got another new variant of RSV or metanomavirus it's a brand new virus and everybody's gonna go right
What can we do to reduce our fear and anxiety?

[SPEAKER_05]
I can tell you the reason they instituted it in Massachusetts because they said so.
If you look at the Department of Elementary and Secondary Education memo that was put out, where the governor deferred to them as an authority for some reason, I have no idea why, but it said,
If you get 80% of the school vaccinated, then you can take your masks off.
It had nothing to do with whether or not the masks work.
It was a carrot and stick behavior modification that they put upon the people.
It's all behavior modification and propaganda.
That's what they did.

[SPEAKER_00]
Former CDC director, Rochelle Walensky, said masks have no equipoise, lack equipoise.
That was the reason CDC and NIH
did not do any randomised trials or trials and methods.

[SPEAKER_05]
You also know that they control the OSHA, Occupational Safety Hazard Agency.
It was in OSHA's purview to determine what type of masks, how they work and to train people and educate people.
You did not hear from them for a year.
They couldn't hear from them because if they spoke
They would speak truth, masks don't work, they knew they don't work, and they were shoved aside for CDC politicians to tell everybody to wear a mask.

[SPEAKER_00]
So this idea, though, of equipoise, once people come at you and say things like equipoise, their eyes have to be evidence of overwhelming harm or evidence of overwhelming benefit, like jumping out of a plane with a parachute.
The point is, if we don't address the uncertainties, the next Briscoe Walensky will come along exactly the same policy-wise going
they like equiwise we're gonna implement them and i suspect and you've still got i don't understand why you've still got cdc advice that's my point recommending them in two year olds i mean that is for me is the problem so and it's not just cdc it's actually your pediatric association is also recommending them
They're all captured.

[SPEAKER_05]
They're all captured.

[SPEAKER_00]
In fact, if you US Academy, we wrote the US Academy of Pediatrics needs to start the bowl rolling by retracting its advice based on incorrect statements.

[SPEAKER_05]
So that's, you're familiar with the New England Journal of Medicine, I'm sure, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Okay.
So, you know, they've been around since the late 1700s.
Yeah.
That's how long they've been around.
The Massachusetts Medical Society owns them.
They've been around a long time.
Bill Gates in 2018 comes to give a speech for the Massachusetts Medical Society, drops off $12 million for grants, right?
How much does it buy?
Basically, you can buy all the medical journals.

[SPEAKER_00]
I don't think, to be honest, that's not telling me anything I don't know.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I know you know it, but the point is the journals will then filter for what they want.
Correct.
I'm sorry, what Bill Gates wants.
They will filter.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, so there are two problems.
One is the publication bias which we talked about.
They'll select the positive studies and the industry studies.
But the second more pervasive problem
is a reporting bias.
So that means the study that goes up, this is what we found with Tamiflu is that all of the harmful effects were not published in journal publications.
So they just put out the benefits and remove the harms.
So you go, well, no wonder everything buys everything.
That's the way it works.
When you got the clinical study reports, we said, hey, we've got all these harms immediately.
They said none of the studies had any harms in the CSRs immediately.
We found 10 series adverse events.
So you're right, there's a systemic problem with how evidence is published and put out there.
I have that.
Lancet's another one that's problematic.
So the question is, that's why we don't trust journal publications, not at all.
We would only ever do a serious systematic review on a public health intervention based on the clinical study reports.
But I can tell you, it's a lot of work.
because you've got to navigate around 2,697 documents to even go, where are the harms buried?
Now, the tummy flu were about 90,000 pages.
This flies a common arty as a whole different kettle of fish.

[SPEAKER_05]
But let me tell you what I did.
The first thing I did when I got the death certificate is because I didn't know what I was doing.
I'm not a doctor, not an epidemiologist.
I'm an engineer, right?
So I get them all.
And I just started, I just ran them through sheets with standard deviation and mean where how different was 2020 from the standard deviation in standard deviations from 2015 through 2019.
And each cell that I did that on was 24th of a year.
So I did semi-monthly periods.
And then I did about 15 different age groups.
And I took the highest standard deviations difference and I looked at those two hotspots and then I went down into the data and I actually looked at every individual record within that half month.
It was first half of September, first half of October for ages 65 through 74.
And when I looked through them like, okay, pulmonary embolism, pulmonary embolism, pulmonary embolism.
Cardiac arrhythmia, pulmonary embolism, like, geez, there's a lot of pulmonary embolisms.
So then I was like, okay, what are these codes over here?
Like an I-26, right?
Pulmonary embolism.
So I started doing those.
And what I found is that I very easily and very quickly found anomalies data where certain things jumped up when everything else was going down.
COVID went down from 2020 to 2021.
All cause went down, pneumonia went down, viral pneumonia went down, bacterial pneumonia actually didn't go down, it went up because they refused to give people antibiotics.
But the cardiac arrhythmia, pulmonary amylism, those things went up.
So what I'm saying is I don't think it's that difficult to find these things and then drill down into the data and investigate the individuals.
What was their history?
Why did they have a pulmonary embolism at 35 years old and drop dead?
Did they have any history of clotting?
And you can find those things.
That's the investigation that needs to be done.

[SPEAKER_00]
And if you look at...
I don't think we're not disagreeing.
I agree with you.
I just think it is hard work.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, it is hard work.
I mean, Roland G. Fryer is an economist at Harvard.
And the guy is brilliant.
He's really great.
Because he didn't produce something they wanted.
He was honest with one of his studies.
They crucified him.
But he's still brilliant.
Now, what he does is not only does he have data points that represent part of his studies.
I'll just tell you.
It's police use of force, so gunshot victims by race.
And he didn't just take the data and say, oh, you know, so many black kids are being killed by cops or whatever.
He went into the to interview whoever filled out the survey.
What does the data point represent?
And he found he found certain things that he didn't think would be there.
They made comments.
I don't want to get into that study because it's off topic.
But the point is he studied each data point randomly selected, of course, I'm not saying he studied every data point, but he
He went in and he studied them to learn, does the data point represent the conclusion that I derived from my hypothesis?
Or is it something else causing it?
You don't know if something else is causing it unless you go into the data point and figure out, oh, well, he died from a pulmonary embolism, but he actually tripped and fell and hit his head or vice versa.
I mean, I found a woman who died from blunt force trauma.
And when I looked into it, she fell in the parking lot.
Why did she fall in the parking lot?
She had a pulmonary embolism too.
Why did she have a pulmonary embolism?
She got vaccinated two days before.
You can't find those unless you look.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
So there's a lot going on here.
But first is to say, we started writing about our sub-stack in 2022 because we noticed this 15 weeks in a row where excess deaths have gone up.

[SPEAKER_04]
The other thing we've seen in the UK is that the

[SPEAKER_00]
Interestingly, the excess deaths are largely in people's own homes.
Not in hospital.
There are some in hospital, but actually there's been about 100,000 excess deaths in people's own homes and it's about running about five, 700 a week.
It's really quite consistent.
A lot of like what you were talking about.
This is the BHF have come in and said there's 100,000 cardiovascular excess deaths.
What I'm saying is to do what you're doing is laborious and hard work and needs more resources and more people is, you know, to do it well, to go back because I've done it.
I've done it with something called the Oxford Vascular Study.
And that was to determine whether somebody, when they said they've come into hospital, they've had a transhechemic attack or a stroke, just those two things.
The TIA is like a mini stroke that goes away in 24 hours.
The stroke is one of those where you've got left-sided weakness and you're paralyzed down one side, can be from a blood clot or a bleed.
On average, about 50% of the diagnosis in hospital were coded wrong.
So there's a huge problem with how data, even in hospital, what we call episode statistics, and the older you get, the worse it gets.
Because you can put anything down on people over 70.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I wanna ask about this 99 million patient study that's getting all of this play in the mainstream media.
And they're saying that, oh, COVID vaccine does cause side effects, but it's so minor compared to the side effects caused by the virus.
So,
Carl, I think that study was fraudulent because they didn't follow the protocol and they looked at these events like 41 days after the shot and it's like they cherry picked stuff that would basically show no signal.
Do you have any comments on that study?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, you see, I think this is the sort of same problem where you see, there's a sort of belief that things appear reviewed, that there's a sort of quality approach to research.
We have a big problem with the way people now data mine databases, and they do it retrospectively.
We've wrote about this, the problem of that nobody set, like you say, sets out a protocol, a working protocol, then goes in and said, this is the logic behind the analysis as I'm gonna do.
And I think what you're saying is when you start to go under the bonnet, a lot of this epidemiology research that you look at it, it starts poor quality.
And then when you start to critically appraise it, it gets even worse.
And therefore you often understand why are people bothering.
And I think that's important to start to say there's a quality issue in terms of how research is done and how it's interpreted.
And you're right.
To be honest with you, there's loads of studies like that.
There's huge numbers of studies, that observational studies that exist like that.

[SPEAKER_02]
So how do we fix that problem?
Where is the Ministry of Truth that can, you know, because we need something like that, right?
There's no, essentially there's no trusted authority that you can go to that looks at a paper
and says, this is bullshit or this was a well done study.
I mean, the best example of ministry of truth would be what you've done with Tom Jefferson, you know, because you've been publishing these studies that are counter narrative and it can't make you very popular with the status quo.

[SPEAKER_00]
No, yeah, it is, it is exhausting to try and get to the truth, to be honest.
And you just have to keep going and chipping away.
What we've found is you just got to keep and what we do is just keep writing, explaining, teasing apart slowly and just keep going.
And if you do that, at some point, hopefully we'll get there in the end.
I always say with evidence-based medicine, we always will get there.
The problem is how long will it take and how many people will be harmed on the way.
And the issue is sometimes it's took like I've said decades to get there and a lot of people have been harmed.
We need a big moment where somebody gets something happened to them and then they like a politician or a media person and they go look there's something wrong with the system.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is this sucks, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And we've just had that here.
It took we've had this massive scandal with the post office and this horizon scanning system that for 10 years was saying everybody was fraudulent and the computer system was faulty.
And they got ignored, ignored, ignored.
And then somebody ran a TV program.
It's now all changed.
They did a little three-part series.
And the whole narrative has changed because the public get it, and they're on board.
So I think it's all about talking to the public and keep explaining.
So, and actually, I'd found in, you know, once the fear's dissipated, not everybody, but the majority of the public are starting to be pragmatic and understand what's going on and can make
hopefully sensible decisions.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, so my hats off to you and Tom Jefferson for speaking out for truth.
And, uh, you know, it's just awesome.
Uh, what you're doing because there are so few, uh, what I'll call honest epidemiologists who look at what the data says rather than what the narrative says.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm pretty honored to be on the same stage here.
I know I get animated when I speak sometimes.

[SPEAKER_04]
I was in sales for 30 years.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's just the way I am.
But let me give you an idea of the data, OK?
Because this study did call out a CVST specifically.
And the vaccine adverse event reporting system we have, my friend Albert Benavides does a great job.
He feeds me stuff because it saves me time.
Okay, there was a signal in the third week or even the second week of January, 2021.
It was over.
They've purposely ignored it.
Now, what do I have and what have I done?
I have the death certificates.
I correlate them to various records as well as the other data studies that I do.
And I find somebody actually alerted me, the cousin of the father of the girl who died.
She was 30 years old.
The paper written about her is fatal post-COVID mRNA vaccine associated cerebral ischemia.
The vaccine killed her by stroke.
That's the title.
That's what the title means for everybody else listening.
You know what it means.
But in every paragraph, they say,
There are a number of reports of a number of COVID vaccines, not just the Janssen Johnson and Johnson, not just the AstraZeneca, a number of COVID vaccines that cause CVSTs.
Although this particular case is not about a CVST, several cases where thrombocytopenia is frequent.
Okay, so the six doctors from Harvard Medical College, Beth Israel Deacon's Medical Center, they all knew
that it was frequent, several reports, number of reports, CVST and thrombocytopenia.
She dies in, she got injected on March 30th, 2021, Professor Hennigan, 21.
Two weeks before her, Diane Dubois died at 62 years old from acute intracranial hemorrhage in the setting of thrombocytopenia in a person recently vaccinated, the exact quote from her death certificate.
Okay, not coded by the CDC, a fraud of omission.
They have an automatic software program that should have coded it.
It was not coded.
That's another issue I could talk about.
It's all fraud.
The CDC is big time in on it.
Five weeks after Breonna died, who was the 30 years old, 30 year old, Eden McDonald was only 17 years old.
She died of a cerebral venous sinus thrombosis.
The one called out in the 99 million papers Steve just mentioned.
And these are three women in three months.
One was like 20 miles away.
The other is five miles away.
All in Massachusetts alone.
Now, and I won't even, the 12 year old Amaya was Sarah Bellartonsler and bilateral local herniation in the same month as her stroke or as her vaccination.
She got, they give her four vaccinations.
So was it the COVID one?
I don't know.
Cause they gave her meningococcal HPV and Tdap at the same time.
Three in her left arm, one on the right arm.
They killed the 12 year old.
Now, the evidence is there.
And the scientists who want to study all the evidence, that's great.
If you give me all the data, I can find B-cell lymphocytic leukemia in three towns in Massachusetts 39 years ago.
You can find those anomalies if they're transparent with the data.
But the system I created can find those anomalies.
But right now, we have a situation in which people are dying.
I think you're one of the most honest professors I've heard.
Love hearing you today.
But what you have is a whole marketplace of people who are paid by the government to conduct studies.
And instead of doing the right studies, they don't see the millions of people dying because they're lying.

[SPEAKER_00]
So I'm going to come up with one idea.
I've worked in, like I mentioned, the Oxford Vascular Study.
We've done another one called the Oxford Myocardial Infarction Study.
They're called population-based studies.
They're really powerful.
Because what you do is you define the population, and the Octavascular is only nine practices, 90,000 people.
But what they do is create accuracy over precision.
And if you think of it like a dartboard,
What it means is on the dartboard, the accurate people are near the bull's eye.
They may not be unjust around it, but the precision like the big data sets, the 20 million data sets who never check anything actually have the darts very close together, very narrow confidence in them, but are nowhere near the bull's eye.
So if you create your population base and say within this 700,000 people or whatever and keep in that, say this is what's happening and keep studying it,
That would be very powerful.
And if you can come back and keep looking, but I wouldn't suave out of that population, then that just loses the accuracy because it can be very clear then about what incident rates are being set.
The second thing is, I love debating with people who basically get animated and passionate about what they're on about.
But also, we don't all have to agree all the time.
The problem in the modern world is people, I don't agree with Tom Jefferson all the time.
Sometimes we write each other going, you know, you're looking at this wrong and sometimes we're not writing that or we're doing this and we disagree, but we agree to disagree.
And the third thing is which I think is a big issue is what I call the silence of science.
There are a load of doctors out there and academics.
who in the bars or over a coffee will talk to you about stuff.
And I go, why don't you go on the record and write this off?
You know, I'm not going there.
I'm just going to stay silent.
God's too much at work.
So there's something in the modern era with the way it works, the internet, social media, that is creating a pressure on people not to speak out, which I think is a huge problem.
And somehow that has to be fixed.
If we fix that, I think there'd be more people coming to the debate.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, in the US, they've been threatened.
The American Board of Internal Medicine, the American Board of Pediatrics, and the American Board of Family Medicine have a letter right now on the web.
You can look it up.
You go to the American Board of Internal Medicine and look for the joint statement.
The CEOs of those organizations say that any doctor spreading vaccine misinformation will have their license suspended or revoked.
That's it.
That's all it took.

[SPEAKER_00]
That's all it took.
Yeah.
And I think this is the stuff that creates a huge problem that has to be
the fact that we can't debate and ask questions and try and understand what's going on.
And all you have to look at is what happened in the UK with the AstraZeneca vaccine to know, actually, if everybody had kept silent, we'd have ended up with huge problems.

[SPEAKER_02]
So have you tried to debate anybody on the other side, you know, those people who believe safe and effective?

[SPEAKER_00]
No, I mean, at times I've been in on the media or a TV, we have certain things like news night and stuff, and that's been interesting in its own right.
But, you know, is people have, most of the people who are prepared to speak will always have conflicts of interest or committing interest or commercial interest.
And therefore, you know, there's not much of a debate then.
And that's the problem.
And, you know, and I think that is a huge issue within medicine.
There's so much money to be made.
in this modern era that actually, once you get in the competing interest world, it's very difficult to get people to shift their viewpoint.

[SPEAKER_05]
The modern, we don't have time, I'm sure, but I would like to discuss EBM with you sometime with regard to centralization as an economic study, because you're losing people at the margins of normalcy where the system is tuned for money rather than tuned for health.
Yeah, I agree with that.

[SPEAKER_00]
I agree with that.
There's an arrogance about many interventions and prevention strategies that actually doesn't do a service to the public and what we need.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
And it's behavioral aspects to it.
I write about it in my book.
I have two chapters that touch on EVM, where it came from out of Canada, McMaster University and so forth.
I'm sure you probably even know those guys.

[SPEAKER_02]
EVM for people who don't know is evidence-based medicine.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, sorry.
It's bad.
It's been bastardized and taken over.

[SPEAKER_00]
Look, there are points when you understand what it's about and how you integrate it and instigate it, but you're right.
We live in a commercial world that market forces have created huge issues in terms of healthcare and there's loads of problems.
The problem is, what's the alternative in the absence of it?
My gosh, it would be the Wild West and you only have to look at the device world.
where there is a real problem because there's a lack of evidence, particularly in Europe, which is a real area where there's a complete lack of evidence.
The device world is a real problem here.
I like the Wild West.
I'm pretty sure I need to go to bed now because it's pretty late here.

[SPEAKER_03]
We got a few questions from the audience.
If you guys can hang in for just a couple of them.
And I know Steve, you seem to have perked up a little bit since the start.
So I'm sure the I'm glad the conversations.
Seems to be good for your health.
Let me get a couple, and before I ask any questions, I just want to remind the audience, we are a 501C3, and if you're enjoying the conversation tonight and every week, we appreciate anything you can do to donate even a dollar ahead.
We've got like 1300 people in the audience tonight, so that would be great.
But anything you can do to help, we would appreciate your contribution.
So first question for Carl.
From Chipper 451, weren't the vaccines used at the trials different from the vaccines administered throughout the world?

[SPEAKER_00]
That I do not, I cannot answer.
But what there is is concerns that sometimes, and this has happened in the past, the sort of quality assurance processes are problematic.
And that has been an issue.
And I think when you produce things at large scales at these speed, you have to ask issues about the quality assurance.
So I think
That's where you're coming to it.
And I think I don't I haven't got the answer to that.
And John might have no more about it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I'll chime in.
They were different.

[SPEAKER_05]
Steve knows.
We know they were different.
The process to create the trials vaccines, they couldn't mass produce it that way.
I was nodding the whole time you were saying quality assurance problem.
In semiconductor way for manufacturing,
The statistical data they have on those things is fantastic, and you do a defect density analysis to figure out what on a wafer is a bad spot producing bad chips.
You track all the chips, what part of the wafer is it from, then you can make tweaks to the manufacturing process to increase yield.
That's all about money.
When you remove the liability shield and you remove the burden of precautions from the manufacturer, they're going to shirk and they transfer that burden of precautions from the manufacturer, which costs money to make the product safe to do quality assurance.
You transfer it onto the people and it manifests in bad health outcomes.
So now you're putting crappy products into people's arms and they don't care.
And the people that are getting the vaccines, they don't know.
I'm sorry.
That question was named for me.
Sorry.
That's right.

[SPEAKER_00]
I have to say, it's not.
We had another PhD.
Mine did his whole PhD on fake drugs and fake products that you can buy over the internet.
And it's not unusual.
It's a huge problem.
We ended up buying a load of stuff.
And good boy, was it all ridiculous.
So it's a huge problem.
around the world particularly is in fake products and all sorts of stuff.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's kind of a different issue than the actual manufacturer not doing quality assurance.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so, Carl, before you go, Olivia, Carl, I wanted to ask you about my request to the ONS and I sent you it in email.
I'm not sure if you've had a chance to review it, but it was a definition of how you do the cohort time series analysis in the UK data so that we could explore whether or not the vaccine is safe.
And I talked to Professor Norman Fenton and he said that was excellent proposal, but he said that the ONS will never go for it.
And I said, okay, yeah, that's because they're corrupt.
Is there any reason, is there any valid scientific reason that the ONS shouldn't produce a time series cohort analysis on people who have gotten the vaccine?
That's detailed.

[SPEAKER_00]
And I don't, I think I can't imagine why when they say no, what will they say because you're not a UK based institution or something like that?
Oh, no, no, no, no.

[SPEAKER_02]
I got, I got some members of parliament that are going to be doing the ask.
These guys are going to be a little, it's going to be kind of hard for them to make excuses.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Then it'll be a problem for them.

[SPEAKER_02]
Exactly!
You just made my day, by the way.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's awesome.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is the most important thing for me.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm going to ask a question from G. I know you got to go because it's late for you, Dr. Hennigan, but I'm curious what you response to be from Genie.
If we're at a point where anecdotal or observed knowledge is completely ignored and any real facts science means it's, it takes such a high level of statistical knowledge to determine.
How is the average person ever supposed to be able to determine anything?
On short, it's a complex language, only a few can speak.
How can average people stay truly informed?

[SPEAKER_02]
That's a great question.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I can't talk about the world and everything because I can only talk about healthcare.
I mean, it's very difficult, but the number one thing is when you have any intervention,
informed consent is important, and we're supposed to live in what's called an informed decision-making world.
It's called shared decision-making.
Can you explain the benefits?
Can you explain the harms?
And what type of evidence is it?
Please, can you point me?
Now, when it's interventions, it should always be systematic reviews or clinical trials.
Now, that's important.
There are areas where the evidence is strong and clear.
and because it's been developed over many years with high quality randomized controlled trials, so for instance an aspirin and an heart attack.
is high quality evidence, every doctor would do the same.
But actually, there were many areas in healthcare where it's uncertain.
And that then relies, and if you think about EBM, EBM is not just the evidence.
It's the integration with clinical experience and patient values.
They really matter.
And I can present people with the same bits of evidence.
And if you do it really well, people might come to different opinions about what to do.
And that's about their own values.
And your values are important in your decision making.
And if you are in an area of uncertainty, you want to know that.
And I think that's the key issue, whereas what we do often is give people certainty when it doesn't exist.
And then we create fresh old, we treat it fresh old, and we go, you must do this.
A good example, if I had a 60-year-old the other day, she said, this doctor's telling me, I must have my blood pressure.
down to below 140, so we did a cardiovascular risk.
I said it's 6%.
Over the next 10 years, if we give you the treatment, we can reduce it to 4%.
So we go from 6 in 100 to 4 in 100.
She looked at me and said, is that it?
And I said, well, now you're informed.
Now, if you want to do the age-based stuff, you can keep exercising, keep your weight down, and try and keep your cardiovascular risk down that way.
But you've got a choice now.
You can take the medication for your blood pressure, or you can take the lifestyle choice.
It's over to you.
And that's your values, then, allow you to make your decision.
But if I just say to a doctor said to you, I've got your blood pressure below 140, that's it.
They're not giving you a choice.
And that's what you want to look for, those that give you information.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic response.
John, anything to add to that?

[SPEAKER_05]
I agree.
I think in the U.S., at least, EVM has been co-opted and stolen.
And you have everybody after 92 that went to med school that goes through.
Now when you go to see a doctor, they look at you, ask a question, and then they turn their head and they type into what I call the laptop god on the wheelie table.
and the left-hand God on the wheelie table tells them how to treat the patient.
Now, are they going to deviate?
I wrote a little sub-stack.
I'll just go real quick.
If there's a 5% chance the patient's gonna die based on what the laptop says, okay?
And the doctor in front of the patient knows that there's a little bit different water supply, maybe there's some nickel or cadmium or something, maybe the diet or the food in the local area or the genetics of the patient himself are slightly different such that another course of treatment might cause a 1% instead of a 5%, what's the doctor gonna do?
He's just presented with a moral hazard.
If he goes with the 5%,
Even if the patient dies, he can't be sued.
No problem.
There's no malpractice.
The medical boards won't pull his license.
But if he goes with the 1% and does the right thing,
And the patient dies.
He's screwed.
His career is over.
He gets sued.
The medical board takes his license.
Now, what's he going to do?
Right?
Now, if you add up all those 4% extras across all of society, you get what I talk about as the margins of norm at the margins of normalcy, you have, you know, tens of thousands of extra deaths every year.
And it's because of, I call it EBM, that's not the intent of EBM, but that's what it's come to.
That's how they teach it in all the medical schools in North America now.
And it's bad because centralizations of anything will leave failures at the margins.

[SPEAKER_00]
You want to come to the UK, we don't teach it like that.
One of the things we run, you want to do a whole show, we run a conference called Preventing Over Diagnosis.
and over die every year to the term over diagnosis.
You have this, you'll have a diagnosis of a condition that otherwise would have not caused any symptoms or problems in your life and you may then receive treatments that may be harmful.
And this is a huge problem as all of these diagnostic tests become more sensitive.
They can pick up all sorts of things, which actually would have never done you any harm.
And there's really interesting ideas that we have problems in healthcare because we're over treating and over medicalising people.
because we can.
And in America, you're brilliant.
I go out last time I was in New York, I had a CT scanner down there on Fifth Avenue along the street, come and walk in, be a full body scan.
That's the sort of thing that's happening all the time.
So another concept is watch out and look and just have a read about the concept of overdiagnosis.
It's fascinating.
And look, this stuff is going to be thrown at you because it's not drugs and vaccines where the future of money is.
It's all in the testing.
We want to get you in the testing game.
And that's coming to you more and more and get you tied in.
And that will create huge money sources, but also potential harms.

[SPEAKER_03]
And with these over diagnosis, are the doctors then prescribing treatments, some sort of harmful medications with something that wasn't...

[SPEAKER_05]
I'll give you an example.
All right.
You get an ultrasound.
It's like, oh, we think we found a mass.
Or you got to get an MRI.
I go in and they're like, OK, roll up your sleeve.
I'm like, for what?
I'm getting an MRI.
Oh, we got it for the IV.
Like, you going to put gadolinium in me?
Yeah.
No, you're not.
No, you're not.
So screw it.
I walked out.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm done.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, perfect example.

[SPEAKER_02]
Did I ask you about that $99 million study to get your assessment of whether you think that's a fraudulent study or whether you think it's legitimate?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, you did.
Yes.
What did you say?

[SPEAKER_02]
a pretty elaborate response, Steve.
There's a moment going on here.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm kind of worried.
I'll send you the replay, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
I'm a little spaced out of this.
I'm severely dehydrated, so forgive me.

[SPEAKER_03]
Professor Carl, where can people find your work?
I know you've got... Trust the evidence.org.com.co.uk.

[SPEAKER_00]
Trust the evidence.
You'll find us there.
We're number one at Trust the Evidence.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great, we'll put that in the chat.
And John, when's your book coming out?
Where can we find your work?
And when is the book finally coming out?

[SPEAKER_05]
The first thousand copies come on Monday.
They go to the fulfillment house.
Hopefully they'll be fulfilled within a week.
And then the CDC memorandum that's been a lot more popular than I thought it would be.
It's going to be another couple of weeks behind that, and they can both be found at therealcdc.com.
I have to set up some international printing, so I apologize to people in Australia and UK that have been bugging me.
I haven't set it up yet.
I've got to figure it out.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, congratulations on getting close to the finish line.
Appreciate all your work.
Ebooks.

[SPEAKER_05]
Ebooks next week, I promise.
Both Ebooks next week, I promise.

[SPEAKER_03]
Excellent.
I look forward to getting my hard copy.
Gentlemen, thank you so much.
I'm going to cut Q&A short because of the time difference and how Steve and John are both a little under the weather.
So thank you.
And Steve, you can go and hydrate.
Great, excellent conversation.
Have a great night, gentlemen.
Audience, stand by.
I have an ask of you, if you will.
I've got a poll that I would love for you to participate in.
The team here at VSRF want to keep you the audience at the forefront of everything we do here.
And that includes branching off into new areas of content, which you may find an interesting addition to the core topics we typically address here on VSRF.
So we'd like to take a moment to ask you to take a very brief poll here to see what, if any, additional content topics you'd like to see us start exploring here on the show.
Janet will put the link in the rumble chat.
If you could click on that now, you must use a Chrome browser to participate, unfortunately.
So sorry, I know many of you do not use Chrome.
but the app i'm using requires chrome so you if uh if you can get this response in the chrome you can also help write your answers in the chat and we'll try to track those as best we can and as we all know there is so much going on in the world right now and so much of it is deeply connected in ways we can't even imagine.
So we'd love to keep you as informed as possible on all the many moving parts in this unfolding story, and we appreciate your input.
And we've parsed it down to media and propaganda, A, the meta crisis, which last year, the World Economic Forum used the term poly crisis, which is, you know, you know what polygon is.
Well, meta is everything.
We just added a little apocalypse now to it.
and see conspiracy facts and fiction, D, the economy, E, technology, F, all of the above, and G, just stick to COVID, that to the vaccines and COVID.
So go ahead and put your responses to the poll.
by clicking on the link that is in the chat and we will try to provide some additional types of content for you coming soon.
Also, I want to remind you again, your donations matter.
You can donate at VaxSafety.org backslash donate and
We will not be, no, we will not be having Twitter spaces tonight due to Steve's not feeling well and the time zones.
So we will be skipping Twitter spaces tonight.
Also reminder that tickets are on sale for the second COVID litigation conference.
I'm going to share my screen so you can see a little bit about it.
Stand by.
Here we go.
The COVID Litigation Conference 2, March 7th and 8th in Las Vegas.
Here's a screenshot of many of the amazing speakers that are going to be at this event.
If you are a lawyer looking to get into this space, this is the place to be.
Or if you're someone that's just interested in learning more about
litigation in the COVID space, come to Vegas.
It's coming soon, March 7th and 8th, 2024.
Don't miss out on that.
We'll all be there.
And lastly, next Thursday, February 29th, we will have
Stand by, I'm going to get a graphic up here to share because we're very excited about this.
And next week's show, we'll be back with New Zealand whistleblower Barry Young.
This is going to be an awesome discussion.
I know Steve is very excited to have him live.
So next week, mark your calendars.
Barry Young will be joining us live on VSRF live.
And lastly on the sign off tonight, we have
A clip from Dr. Tadros from the World Health Organization at the 2024 World Governments Summit.
It is about six minutes of the end of his speech.
And I thought I would try to counterbalance the comedy we started with in the pre-show with a little more serious conversation coming from Dr. Tadros.
And we will be looking into the World Health Organization pandemic treaty, which is going to be due to be signed in May.
We're going to have some more guests talking further about.
the importance that we stop this treaty or at least the U.S. participation in the pandemic treaty.
So on that note, we hope you had a enjoyable experience tonight.
I know I did.
That was a riveting conversation with some pretty intelligent men.
Thank you for being here tonight.
Hope you have a great rest of your evening and we'll see you next week.

[SPEAKER_01]
We cannot allow this historic agreement, this milestone in global health, to be sabotaged by those who spread lies either deliberately or unknowingly.
Let me be clear.
WHO did not impose anything on anyone during the COVID-19 pandemic, not lockdowns,
not mask mandates, not vaccine mandates.
We don't have the power to do that.
We don't want it.
And we're not trying to get it.
Our job is to support governments with evidence-based guidance, advice, and when needed, supplies to help them protect their people.
But the decisions are theirs.
and so is the pandemic agreement.
It has been written by countries for countries and will be implemented in countries in accordance with their own national laws.
In fact, WHO will not even be a party to the agreement.
The parties are governments and governments alone.
Far from seeding sovereignty, the agreement actually affirms national sovereignty and national responsibility in its foundational principles.
Indeed, the agreement is itself an exercise of sovereignty.
It's about the commitments countries are making to keep themselves and each other safer from pandemics.
And it recognizes that they can only do that by working with each other.
Let me tell you what the agreement does say.
It's a set of commitments by countries to strengthen the world's defenses in several areas.
To strengthen prevention with a one-held approach, the health and care workforce,
research and development, access to vaccines and other products, sharing of information technology and biological samples, and more.
Now I ask you, what is so problematic about those commitments?
Is there anyone who thinks countries should not cooperate?
Does anyone think countries should not share information?
Does anyone think some people are more deserving than others of access to vaccines and other tools?
In our interconnected and interdependent world, countries can only keep themselves safe if they work with each other.
In that sense, the pandemic agreement is a commitment to national security.
It's in every country's own national interest, because pathogens have no regard for the lines humans draw on maps, not for the color of our politics, the size of our economies, or the strengths of our military.
For everything that makes us different, we are one humanity,
the same species sharing the same DNA and the same planet.
We have no future, but a common future.
Common threats then demand a common response.
That's why this pandemic agreement is so important.
Your Highnesses, your Excellencies, the COVID-19 pandemic inflicted huge losses on communities, countries, businesses, and economies.
Those losses must not be in vain and must not be repeated.
It's possible, or even likely, that we will face another pandemic in our lifetimes.
We can't know how mild or severe it might be.
But we can be ready.
Are we ready now?
Not yet.
That's why the pandemic agreement is mission critical for humanity.
It's a pact with the future that we will not expose the generations who follow us to the same suffering that we endured.
Had it been in place before COVID-19, had the agreement been in place before COVID-19, we would not have lost so much.
Now is the moment for leadership from the highest levels of government to deliver the pandemic agreement to the World Health Assembly in 15 weeks' time.
Now is the time to say no to inequity, no to lies and misinformation, and yes to international cooperation, yes to equity, and yes to solidarity.
At the generation that lived through COVID-19, we have a collective responsibility to protect future generations from the suffering we endured.
May history record that we rose to that responsibility and made
the world a healthier, safer and fairer place.
Thank you.
Thank you, Your Excellency, for this main address.

[UNKNOWN]
you
