[UNKNOWN]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_27]
Out of the tree of life I just picked me plumb You came along and everything started into hum Still it's a real good bet the best is yet to come
Best is yet to come, and babe, won't that be fine?
You think you've seen the sun, but you ain't seen it shine.
Wait till the warm-ups underway.
Wait till our lips have met.
wait till you see that sunshine day you ain't seen nothing yet the best is yet to come and babe won't it be fine best is yet to come come the day of mine
I'm gonna teach you to fly.
We've only tasted the wine.
We're gonna drain the cup dry.
Wait till your charms are ripe for these arms to surround.
You think you've flown before, but maybe you ain't left the ground.
I'll wait till you lock in my embrace Wait till I draw you near I'll wait till you see that sunshine place Ain't nothing like it here The best is yet to come and babe won't it be fine
Best is yet to come, come the day you're mine.
Come the day you're mine.
And you're gonna be mine.

[SPEAKER_38]
Tonight, VSRF Live is in Las Vegas for the second COVID litigation conference, where experienced lawyers come together to connect and to get educated about the COVID legal landscape.

[SPEAKER_18]
Extraordinary injustice demands extraordinary lawyers.
And now we are winning.
Build upon the groundbreaking COVID litigation conference in Atlanta and join the lawyers at the forefront of this growing field.
As cases are being won and damages awarded.
A recent poll suggests over 40% of Americans would be party to a COVID class action lawsuit.
Experts predict COVID litigation will surpass the combined impact of big tobacco and asbestos cases.
We invite attorneys to join this important opportunity at the Second COVID Litigation Conference coming to Las Vegas, March 7th and 8th, 2024.
Connect with a diverse group of attorneys for strategic networking and expand your practice in the COVID space.

[SPEAKER_19]
Having a network of people to fall back on who actually understand what it is they're talking about has been critical for me.

[SPEAKER_18]
Learn from the leaders at the frontier who are bringing cases.
I sued Rochester General six times.
I won in court each of those six times.
Get exclusive resources and the insights you need to litigate COVID cases now from panels, keynotes, and more.

[SPEAKER_47]
At the conference you're going to see some of the most seasoned COVID litigation attorneys.
I always learn something.

[SPEAKER_18]
Litigate with confidence and be empowered by the transformative event shaping national policy.
Who will right these extraordinary wrongs?
You will at the second COVID litigation conference.

[SPEAKER_29]
Why don't we blow the system up?
I mean, obviously we can't just turn off the spigot on the system we have and then say, hey, everyone in the world should get this new vaccine we haven't given to anyone yet.
But there must be some way.

[SPEAKER_25]
There might be a need or even an urgent call for an entity.
of excitement out there that's completely disruptive, that's not beholden to bureaucratic strings and processes.

[SPEAKER_39]
So we really do have a problem of how the world perceives influenza and it's going to be very difficult to change that unless you do it from within and say,
I don't care what your perception is, we're going to address the problem in a disruptive way and in an iterative way, because you do need both.

[SPEAKER_25]
But it is not too crazy to think that an outbreak of a novel avian virus could occur in China somewhere.
We could get the RNA sequence from that, beam it to a number of regional centers, if not local, if not even in your home at some point, and print those vaccines on the patch and self-administer.

[SPEAKER_30]
Anything that's mandated that you put in your body should be your free choice.
It should not be coerced and it should not impact my ability to live a normal life.

[SPEAKER_15]
Would you support a nationwide mandate of the COVID vaccine once it comes out?

[SPEAKER_39]
No, definitely not.
You don't want to mandate and try and force anyone to take a vaccine.
We've never done that.

[SPEAKER_32]
Starting tomorrow in the district, you'll have to show proof of vaccination to dine out, go to the gym, see a concert, or catch a sports game.

[SPEAKER_52]
Full circle, here we are.
Here we are, right?
Mass vaccines.
No food, can't go into certain places without a mask on or if you don't have a vaccine.
Doctors turning down patients.
Because they are unvaccinated, determining who will live and who will die, this is absurd.
But it was coming.
And compliance is the driving force.

[SPEAKER_06]
I am being escorted out of 200 Medical Plaza at Westwood Santa Monica for standing up for freedom.
Say hi, sir.
They are escorting me out of the building.
What's your title, sir?

[SPEAKER_08]
Don't come near me.

[SPEAKER_06]
What's your title?
And this is the price you have to pay sometimes.
But what they don't realize is that I'm willing to go lose everything.
Job, paycheck, freedom, even my life for this cause.

[SPEAKER_17]
They put Department of Defense in charge of all of this.
Then they tell all of us, it's a virus that evolved from a bat.
And if you dare to say something otherwise, you get kicked off Twitter and you get suppressed and you get shut down.

[SPEAKER_30]
If I'm mandated to take something, the person mandating that is not accepting liability for what would happen if the injection paralyzes me for life or kills me.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm just not okay with medical segregation.
I'm not okay with being coerced of what I'm going to put into my body.
And I don't want this a fight to be a fight fought by my children in the future.
This needs to end now.

[SPEAKER_35]
Being a fireman is truly a privilege.
But now I face a mandated pharmaceutical injection without my consent.
as an unnegotiated term of my continued employment.

[SPEAKER_36]
We have these opportunities to really, you know, to be invited to be somewhere and be around the right people that can make the kind of changes we want to see.
We have to seize those moments and we have to really, we have to really try to nail those opportunities down.

[SPEAKER_01]
Doctor suspended from Houston Methodist over her views on the COVID-19 vaccine.
It's a story that made national headlines.

[SPEAKER_04]
Dr. Bowden announced she is filing a lawsuit against Methodist.

[SPEAKER_11]
Because I have not responded to my request for information, I decided to take legal action against Methodist.

[SPEAKER_03]
The federal government, the state agencies, hospitals are dictating how physicians practice medicine.
And that's a complete aberration.
It's not the way medicine has been practiced for decades and the way it's practiced around the world.

[SPEAKER_26]
who files a complaint would be like the ER doctor who admitted the patient.
And when the ER doctor looks over the med list, they say like, oh, where'd the ibermectin come from?
Doc Turner.
Oh, that's a violation of Washington state policy.
Let me report him.

[SPEAKER_33]
The lack of fact finding the arrogance and the disinterest in truth because they branded it misinformation.
And I want to circle back that they don't define misinformation.
They just generically talk about what's approved.

[SPEAKER_09]
By striking fear into the heart of Americans, many were left puzzled.
How did we go from incentivizing vaccination with free beer and sports tickets to threatening to punish Americans by taking away their livelihoods?
I took an oath to defend the Constitution of the United States and I take that very seriously.
We can't have our freedoms taken away for a virus that probably isn't going away either.

[SPEAKER_43]
The governor and the Department of Health do not have the power to make law.
Very clear, separation of powers means we have three branches of government, and one branch can't go and take the power from the others because then that's tyranny.

[SPEAKER_19]
I was threatened with arrest for speaking at a school board meeting on February 17th of 2022 down in Coronado.
The California State Bar threatened to have me arrested for continuing basically to hold myself out as an attorney.

[SPEAKER_42]
There are students that have been injured by the vaccine.
There are students that have died from the vaccine.
One injury, one death is too many.
And that alone should have stopped these vaccines from being mandated.

[SPEAKER_20]
We have a volunteer force.
These are not conscripts.
These are your fellow citizens.
These are not...
This isn't the Roman Empire here.
And so until and unless we get the trust that's been broken, fixed, no one's going to come back.

[SPEAKER_53]
You know, it's the greatest hoax in California history.
There never was a legal mandate.
And any employer that thinks there was and that they can mandate an experimental medical product is a fascist.
The California Department of Public Health guidance never went through the Administrative Procedures Act.
So no, you can't fire somebody for doing this.

[SPEAKER_28]
The encouraging thing is really how many people are
in the fight now.
When I first started in 2020, there was hardly anybody doing it.
And it seemed kind of like David versus Goliath.

[SPEAKER_22]
We were not appreciated.
We were disrupting the old boy network.
We came in and told plaintiff attorneys, and more importantly, the injury victim and their family, what the defense wouldn't tell them about structured settlements.

[SPEAKER_10]
When the decision was read out in court, they cried and cheered.
Police, men and women, paramedics and staff from QPS and QAS.
How does it feel?
Excellent, I think so.

[SPEAKER_35]
I think that speaks volumes for how my clients feel about the decision.

[SPEAKER_10]
They refused to get vaccinated during the COVID pandemic and launched a landmark legal challenge.

[SPEAKER_41]
Praise God that the judge saw it that way and he was really prepared.
He ran a great hearing and came back with the conclusion
that we thought we should have, but I mean, it's still, I see it as a miracle.
Grace would see it, as I said, God did it, Dad.
I mean, it's like, wow, how many miracles are we gonna keep having here, Warner?
I mean, it's really fantastic.

[SPEAKER_47]
Our role as lawyers is unique.
We have a voice inside the system.
We are able to communicate greater truths of the movement in the courtrooms and help hold the line while the movement grows and
culture changes to understand how important these rights are.

[SPEAKER_52]
I'm looking at you and I don't care what you look like, where you come from, what's going on.
We are unified together because this movement is too important to let anything divide us.

[SPEAKER_38]
Hi, I'm Livio Sanchez and welcome to VSRF Live from Las Vegas, the Horseshoe Hotel.
I'm here at the COVID litigation conference in Las Vegas and we've had a very busy impactful day so far.
And I'm going to have Steve Kersh here live with me shortly, but
I want to play for you.
Steve had a very really great keynote speech to start the conference today.
And what you just saw actually was a video that played at the beginning of the conference, giving us a little summary of what happened even before the pandemic hit, a little fouchy over at the Millican Institute, sort of telling us what was going to happen.
And then we kicked that off afterwards with Steve Kersh.
Actually, before I play his keynote, he's walking up right now as we speak.
So I'm going to bring our guest of honor here to sit down next to me and have a quick little chat.
Hello, Steve.
We're live.
Nice to see you.
So this is really great.
Actually, normally we're virtually in different places.
and now you're actually three-dimensional.
We can actually shake hands.
And look who else is here.
We've got nurse Angela.

[SPEAKER_34]
Hello.
So good to see everybody.

[SPEAKER_38]
She's actually three-dimensional.
So we're all here.

[SPEAKER_34]
All of you guys take it away.

[SPEAKER_30]
So what do you think of day one so far, Steve?
How's it been?
No, it's great.
Hearing all the stories are inspiring people who are
speaking up and holding the line and not giving in to the pressure and hearing their stories and you know you hear the successes and you hear the failures and you hear people the advice from people which is never give up keep keep going keep going you're gonna get some bad judges you're gonna get some bad decisions you just have to keep at it and truth will prevail and you know sometimes they'll be setbacks but
There are a lot of cases where things have, especially inspiring where the lawyers that started to collaborate.
So like New York City, for example, when you go up against New York City, you're going up against hundreds of lawyers on their side, but they're not coordinated.
And so these guys figured out that the lawyers who are suing the city
then coordinated.
And then they got this message saying like, do you guys have like some sort of bat signal or something where you guys are coordinating?
So it was actually pretty funny to see one of the New York City attorneys recognizing that they were just getting screwed because these lawyers were talking amongst themselves.
And what they would do is that they would use an argument
that the city made in one case, and then they would use that to help their client in another case where that argument was actually helpful.
So it was, they were basically doing jujitsu on the city.
It's just, you know, it's just an,
great to hear these stories of how people are collaborating and winning these cases against the city attorneys.
New York's the worst.

[SPEAKER_38]
Yeah, the whole state seems to me.
Well, I want to play everyone your keynote.
You kicked off the event today.
So why don't we do that and then we'll come back afterwards.
Okay.
Here comes Steve Kirsch's keynote.

[SPEAKER_13]
Steve Kirsch now dedicates all of his time and resources to the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, an organization he started to address the issues of vaccine injury.

[SPEAKER_30]
Truth should never be censored.
And yet, nobody's coming to the rescue of truth.
So the topic of my speech is standing up for truth.
And I want to thank you all.
for being here today and being in the fight.
I wanna start off with just an audience survey so we can get a sense for what we're fighting for.
So my first question is, how many people know somebody who died from COVID the virus?
Not the vaccine, but from COVID?
Raise your hand.
So I count like five,
Maybe six hands.
Okay.
How many people have, know someone who died from the vaccine?
Raise your hand.
Wow.
Okay.
A lot more than six, almost like half the room.
And how many do you know, how many people know someone who was injured by the vaccine?
Okay.
Even more.
And how many people trust the advice from the CDC?
Do we have any hands?
Yeah, so now you know what we're in for here.
I mean, isn't it astonishing that you could go into any ballroom in America where someone's giving a speech and ask those questions, how many people have died from COVID versus how many people died from the vaccine?
And the amount of people who died from the vaccine is staggeringly higher than the number of people who died from COVID.
And you can do that anywhere.
In fact, we did a survey of 1,000 Americans.
And we asked, did anyone die in your family?
And then if they reported that, then we asked them, do you think that they might have died from the COVID vaccine?
And for people who had a death in their family, half of the people reported that it was from the COVID vaccine.
That is astonishing.
Now, the reason this happens is because the medical community believes what's in the medical journals, and the medical journals all say that it's safe and effective.
Now, the reason for that is something called censorship.
So when you try to write a paper that tells the truth about the lack of safety of the COVID vaccine, what happens is your paper gets retracted.
Now, I participated in such a paper, and it was published in the medical journal Curious, which is a Springer Nature journal.
And it had an SIQ rating, which is standard of quality, rating of 93, which is about a, which is the highest you can, virtually the highest you can get.
And we had more views than any other paper ever published in Curious.
So what did they do?
Well, they got six letters saying that we were anti-vaxxers and our paper should be removed.
So the journal editors conspired to go and create a sham list of reasons for retraction and then they presented us with the list.
We immediately responded with our objections and within hours the paper was retracted.
Now we know because I hired a private investigator
that the retraction was unethical.
So the authors are suing the journal for $250 million.
For defamation, breach of implied contract, and so on.
And what's interesting is that nobody's talking at the other end.
The research integrity department, when you reach out to them, you hear nothing back.
only to forward it to the legal department after I threatened the lawsuit.
I started at 100 million and that didn't get their attention, but when I went up to 250 million, I was immediately switched over to the legal department who asked me to promptly describe what my claims were.
I have the goods on these guys.
They're not going to escape.
Most people will back down when the journal says we're retracting your paper.
I'm not most people.
And I don't back down.
And I have the proof.
I have the proof that these guys are wrong.
And not only that, but these guys actually privately gloat about it.
They say, when I talk to one of the editors, I said, I'm going to go and sue your journal.
You said, you can't do that.
We're the journals.
We can do anything.
We can retract anything we want.
We're a private company.
I said, no, you can.
You have to adhere to the COPE guidelines.
So the hubris of these people, and they say, and we've been getting away with it for decades, you can't go up against us.
This has been happening for decades.
You're nothing.
I said, really?
Well, I'm going to test that theory, because I've got the evidence.
And so if any of you would like to participate in bringing that lawsuit against these journals and holding them accountable, please see me after my speech.
I want to talk to you.
Another thing, fetal demise.
You know, I heard a story that fetal demises were up by a factor of 90 since the vaccines rolled out in Fresno, California.
So I did a freedom of information act request on the California Department of Public Health.
And they said, well, we can tell you the number of births that happen, but we can't tell you the number of fetal demises.
And I said, really, why not?
And they said, well, because we consider that to be confidential information.
And I said, really, well, the law requires you to explain how there's a balance of harms here that withholding that information actually protects the public.
And then they came back and they cited some sort of, well, we're not required to produce this because this is private information.
That's bullshit.
You have to hold these people accountable for their actions.
And so I'm, again, hiring counsel to pursue that.
because we need to find out the truth.
We need to find out the truth for all the vaccine injured and dead.
And the other thing is I've been calling for data transparency.
And, you know, isn't it amazing that vaccines have been around for decades?
And yet,
There isn't any data transparency in the public health records to show that the vaccines are safe and effective for any vaccine ever in any country in the world.
None of these people are publishing the data.
Now I'm a critical thinker and I think that wait a minute if the vaccines are safe and effective then
Why aren't they willingly publishing this data that will prove to everybody that the vaccines are safe and effective?
It's simple.
And yet they all withhold it.
I wonder what.
And all of these papers that claim, oh, 99 million, you see this 99 million patient study.
You know what?
You always got to check down to the data availability statement.
And for some odd reason, the data is never available.
I can't figure it out.
There are ways to obfuscate this data so that other people can analyze it.
But for some reason, they don't want anyone to see the data.
Can you figure out what that might be?
I'm stumped.
So I worked with a member of parliament whose name is Andrew Bridgen.
And he's a rare breed in the world.
He's an honest member of parliament who actually wants to know the truth.
And he, along with seven other members of parliament, drafted a letter to Sir Ian Diamond
who is the head of the UK Office of National Statistics.
And he asked for, hey, can we have a time series cohort analysis done on the data that you have using the exact same techniques that you've used before, but with finer level of granularity than you ran on your previous report?
Not a big ask, just a little bit more detail than maybe three or four buckets.
Let's make them 152 buckets so we can see exactly what's going on.
The members of parliament have not heard back from Sir Ian Diamond on that request.
And if they get a majority in parliament, they can force him to show us the data.
But the very fact that these people do not want to show you the data should make you very suspicious.
And in fact, sometimes they inadvertently reveal the data when they're not supposed to.
So there is a paper published in JAMA, which is the Journal of the American Medical Association.
It's a top medical journal.
And this paper
looks to compare the hospital mortality outcome if you were hospitalized for COVID versus hospitalized for the flu.
And they wanted to make the point that, wow, COVID is much more dangerous, you're more likely to die.
So they make the point in the paper, it's a VA study.
But what's interesting and which nobody caught except for me is that
They have table one, which is the baseline characteristics of the people in this study.
And they only enroll people who either got hospitalized for COVID or they got hospitalized for the flu.
And they showed the vaccination breakdown of each one of these groups.
And you know what?
The vaccination breakdown of the two groups was identical.
Now, a lot of people say, so, so what?
Well, you see that can't happen.
If the vaccines work, there has to be a disparity.
If you got hospitalized for the flu, it should be everybody who didn't get a flu shot.
If you got hospitalized for COVID, it should be everybody who didn't get the COVID vaccine.
But there was absolutely no difference between the two groups.
The only possible conclusion is that the COVID vaccine doesn't protect against hospitalization and the flu vaccine doesn't protect against hospitalization either.
Now, it's interesting because you can now extrapolate from that, because if a vaccine doesn't protect against hospitalization, then it can't protect against infection.
And it goes the other way.
If it doesn't protect against hospitalization, it cannot protect against death.
Now, I asked my esteemed colleague, Paul Merrick, I said, Paul, and Paul's been around.
Paul's one of the top scientists in the world.
And I said, Paul, do you know of any vaccine which has no hospitalization benefit and a death benefit?
And he said, no, he didn't know of anything in medicine that had that.
So this paper essentially revealed to the world that the COVID vaccines do not work and the flu vaccines don't work.
So I wrote the author and I said, you know, your paper accidentally showed a very important result that you missed.
The important thing wasn't about COVID versus the flu, we know it's more dangerous because
the hospitalized hospital protocols for treating COVID end up having more deaths.
And that's the real reason that there's so many COVID deaths.
But the real point of your paper should be, whoa, neither of these vaccines worked.
People have been getting flu vaccines, thinking that they work and they do nothing.
You should write a paper saying, hey, your paper also shows this.
And he wrote me back.
He said,
You know, you're right, but I don't have time to write it up.
This is the kind of corruption we are dealing with.
People are silenced because they don't want to lose their job and they don't want to lose their medical license and medical journals are playing along with it.
Well,
This has got to stop.
And the most important place for this to stop is the medical journals.
And the reason that I'm suing for $250 million is because these guys have been getting away with this for decades.
And it is time for this to stop.
So thank you all for being here today and being part of the solution because you are truly on the right side of history.
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_38]
Welcome back, Steve.
That was a fantastic speech.
And I know you mentioned in the speech the curious lawsuit.
Can you tell me a little bit about how that's going or how it's going to go?

[SPEAKER_30]
Yeah, you know, it's interesting.
None of these people who participated in the retraction of our article want to talk.
So I reached out to Retraction Watch and I asked them, hey, you know, this letter that you quoted, can you send me a copy of the letter?
I said, why don't you contact the author?
And I wrote, I did, and he wouldn't send me a copy of the letter.
And then I heard nothing from Retraction Watch.
I asked the guy, the professor who wrote the letter into the journal, complaining about our article if I could have a copy of the letter.
and he said, no, you can't.
And so it's like, and then of course, people have asked the journal scientists, independent scientists have written in, you know, highly published scientists have written in the journal and said, why did you retract this paper?
Does it meet the cope guidelines?
Can you explain how that meets the cope guidelines?
And they get ghosted.
So when you have people who are,
very widely published authors.
I mean, these are people have written 300 papers in the medical literature, writing into complain and saying, how does this possibly arise to meeting the Cope standards?
And you have the editors of the journal basically ghosting these people, meaning they don't respond at all.
It's like a tacit admission of guilt.
And when I wrote into Springer Integrity,
to disguise Tim.
And I said, hey, we've got evidence that the journal is corrupt and that they improperly retracted our article.
You heard nothing.
And then I said, OK, so I'm going to sue you for $100 million.
I heard nothing back.
So then I said, OK, let's make it $250 million.
And then, of course, you get immediately transferred to the legal department who says,
please promptly tell us what your claims are, and we'll get back to you.
And so within, I don't know, an hour of their email message, I had a long email sent back to them, and then I've heard nothing back from them.

[SPEAKER_38]
So $150 million more is what got their attention.

[SPEAKER_30]
Yeah, apparently $100 million wasn't enough to get their attention, but $250 million.
And I think that's fair when you consider the damage that is done by these journals.
Because they've been doing this for decades.
And we need to send a message to the journals.
And if you say, oh, it's a $5 million lawsuit, people are going to say, great cost of doing business.
When it's $250 million, they take a second look.
And so the only question is whether these people at Springer are so arrogant that they think that they can get away with this.
Because if they do, and they think they're going to get away with this, I'm going to take down Springer along with Curious.
So Springer needs to decide whether they're going to throw Curious under the bus and fire all of the editors and reinstate our paper.
And if they don't do that, then I'm going after Springer.
There's no question.

[SPEAKER_38]
How often do they retract papers?
Is there some time they do it all the time?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_30]
Yeah.
In fact, we have evidence.
that these editors are bragging amongst themselves, like, yeah, we've been doing this for years and we can get away with it because we're the journals of nobody.
And it's a system and nobody can buck us because nobody has the power to buck us.
And they just tangled with the wrong guy here.
Because I'm not rolling over and playing dead on this one.
Like, I hired a private investigator.
I've got the goods on these guys.
And they're going to find out.
And I'm not bluffing.

[SPEAKER_38]
Good for you.
So glad you're fighting back.
So earlier, I got a chance to speak to Warner Mendenhall, who was also on a panel earlier.
So I got a chance to record a video.
So let's play the video with Warner Mendenhall.
Hi, I'm here with Warner Mendenhall from the Mendenhall Law Group.
Warner just gave an incredible presentation.
Can you tell me a little bit about what your presentation was today here at the COVID Litigation Conference?

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, generally, we're looking at people's privacy rights in California.
We sued the University of California system, which includes 220,000 employees for violation of their privacy rights.
It's an invasion of privacy to ask about people's faith and to require them to take a shot that we know so clearly is unsafe and unaffected.

[SPEAKER_38]
You mentioned a lot of different cases.
How many cases do you have going on right now in respect to COVID right now?

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, our law firm has about 50 active cases right now that are focused on fraud in the COVID environment.
One of the leading cases is Brooke Jackson's case against Pfizer for fraud in the clinical trials.
We also have fraud in the VAERS program, fraud in the PCR testing program, fraud in the business programs and the money that was misspent there as well.
across the board.
We also are representing some vaccine injured people as well as employees such as in California that were fired over not going along with the vaccine mandates.

[SPEAKER_38]
And how what's the prognosis on those cases?
How do you feel?
Because that seems to be a real tough one, the vaccine injured.
What do you think is going to happen there?

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, in one of the cases we're doing in Ohio, it's Danny Baker.
We are suing under the workers' compensation statutes because it was mandated through her employer.
And I don't really understand why there aren't many, many more cases under workers' compensation, because it's the employers that required these shots and that resulted in the injury.
They ought to be held liable for that, at the very least.

[SPEAKER_38]
It seems that there could be floodgates opening.
I know so many people, Warner, who
have illness and injury.
They're not necessarily acknowledging that their vaccine injured.
What do you think is going to happen once one case breaks through and other people start to realize what's happening?

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, I think you pointed out something really important.
I think some of the people who are injured do not want to say it was the vaccine that injured them.
Even the person who took it and got injured, I think it's a hard thing to face that you went along with the mandate.
But I want them all to get over it.
We have to hold the people who are responsible, who did this immoral requirement on the workers.

[SPEAKER_38]
Can you give us a little more update on the Brooke Jackson case from what happened before where it didn't go as well, but you're back in it.
What's going on there?

[SPEAKER_24]
Well the Brooke Jackson case miraculously is still pending.
It was filed in 2020 and we're just happy to still be alive in District Court because every day more research comes out, more information comes out about the sheer damage that this did to our society and more information comes out about how Pfizer lied to the American people about safety and efficacy.
And also what's contained in the shots.
We now know there's the SB 40.
We know that there's the DNA from the E. Coli.
I mean all of that had been hidden from us and it is now out in the open.
So we think every week we survive, our case gets stronger.

[SPEAKER_38]
There's this liability bill brought by Chip Roy.
Tell me what you know about that bill and the prognosis on that one.

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, again, I think as more people wake up, they understand that the drug company should be held liable for their actions.
Again, that's the Brooke Jackson case.
They lied to us.
They defrauded us, and they need to be held liable.
So it's really important that this bill get the attention that it deserves.
We need all the vaccine injured, all the people who lost jobs, all the people who suffered in this crisis to support that bill.

[SPEAKER_38]
You mentioned the paper that Steve Kersh wrote that got retracted by Curious and now he's suing them for $250 million.
What's your take on that?

[SPEAKER_24]
well curious probably can't pay that but uh... i'm glad he's suing them because curious retracted that paper for no reason whatsoever and and what it should do is make people pay attention to what steve put in that paper it's a really important recap of all that we know as of today's date uh... that happened in this process it's a long paper but it really will give you it'll give anybody the information they need any of the lawyers here at the conference they need to read that paper so they know
what the history is, what the research shows, everything that's been revealed over the last couple of years, it's in that paper somewhere.

[SPEAKER_38]
Since the last COVID litigation conference in Atlanta, and now we're here in Vegas, can you give me a little or give our audience a sense of some progress that might have been made since then?

[SPEAKER_24]
Well, there's been tremendous progress.
First of all, there are 20,000 lawsuits now across this country in this COVID space.
Just because the papers don't write about it doesn't mean they aren't out there.
The second thing is there's been a tremendous amount of success, especially for the employees who've been fired.
There's thousands of settlements that have occurred in that space.
So, and finally, the number of attorneys doing this work has tripled since last year.
You know, partly because of the first COVID litigation conference, you know, it brought everybody together and those communications have continued and we're bringing more attorneys into a group called Freedom Council, which was a spinoff of that conference.
And those attorneys are meeting weekly.
So if you're an attorney out there who wants to have some colleagues to discuss these issues with, we meet every Monday at noon.

[SPEAKER_38]
Join in on that conference.
And you have a conference coming up next month, I believe.
Can you tell me a little bit about that?

[SPEAKER_24]
Yes, we have a conference June 8th and 9th in Denver.
That's a few months from now, and we expect there'll be some significant litigation news by then.
And we'd like to get all the attorneys who want to help out together again in Denver June 8th and 9th.
So thank you.
And that's freedomcouncil.org.
Please help us.

[SPEAKER_38]
Go to that in Denver if you can make it.
Warner, thank you for all the work that you're doing, and that was a great presentation today.

[SPEAKER_24]
Oh, thank you.

[SPEAKER_38]
It is such an honor to get a chance to speak to Warner Mendenhall and to have him here at COVID Litigation Conference 2 in Las Vegas.
And right now, I'm going to treat you to a live look-in on Trisha Lindsey's keynote speech.
So I'm just going to write to it.
She's on stage live right now.

[SPEAKER_48]
Here's Trisha.
given to us by God.

[SPEAKER_52]
It's not something that we have to ask for, we don't have to litigate for it.
It just is because we are human beings and because we are here.
Those rights, we have individual rights which are fundamental.
And forgive me for those of you that know it, but I need to make sure that everyone in the room understands these things so that when we are
addressing certain issues and when our families are under attack or we are faced with certain decisions and certain things, we can defend against it.
We can articulate our rights and articulate the foundations from which they come from.
Civil rights are guaranteed by a government so that every individual citizen can live a free and equitable life.
They include our inherent rights and are not to be interfered with or obstructed by any other individual or government agency.
And so some of these rights are to vote, worship, privacy, to assemble, bodily autonomy, due process, to be free from discrimination, right?
You can come in here only if you're masked, right?
You can work here only if you have the COVID injection, right?
That's discrimination.
Parental rights.
And we have a panel that's going to talk about that tomorrow, but parental rights are under attack across the country in every area.
There is an all out effort to annihilate.
Parents rights and governance over their children and it is something that we cannot sit down and allow to happen We have to fight that with everything that is within us because We know that the the future of a nation is built upon the backs of the children
And so if you get the children, you get the nation.
And so if we don't remain, if we don't maintain our governance over our children, there's going to be this chaos that's going to ensue in society.
And then what's going to happen?
What is really going to happen?
They're just going to move in and take and just rule by martial law.
And so we have to be careful.
We have to stay vigilant and understand what is going on.
And so over the past three years, almost four now, COVID-19, through COVID-19, all of these areas have been invaded upon.
All of these areas have been usurped.
All of these areas have been violated by government.
So how are these rights protected?
They're guaranteed and protected by the Declaration of Independence, the US Constitution, the United States Bill of Rights, and statutes created by Congress.
The Declaration of Independence has three points.
God made all men equal.
and gave them the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
The main business of government is to protect those rights.
And if a government tries to withhold these rights, the people are free to revolt and to set up a new government.
That's our rights, but they don't teach this.
They don't want people to know, right, that we live in a constitutional republic.
It is God, the God the people, and then government.
Government answers to us, and we answer to God.
And whatever you wanna call him, the deity, right?
The Constitution of the United States starts with we the people.
We the people.
And that is important to understand that we are the ones who determine, right, government.
Government is there to represent us.
Our government leaders are our government representatives.
And so that's actually one of the reasons why I decided to step in or throw my hat in the ring and decide to run for office.
Of course, I had a colleague who was
actually calling me and would not take no for an answer was Bobby and Cox she would not take no for an answer and she said you should do this and as I thought about it and kept thinking about it and saying no screaming no
Something within me said, no, you have to do this.
You have to step into the ring.
It's time for you to enter another level of this fight.
And for me, I said, I've already entered another level of this fight.
My life has changed drastically over the past, I don't know, eight to 10 years.
I mean drastically.
And so for me, I just said, but I've already done this.
Why do I need to step to another level?
I want to move ahead just for time.
Those rights.
the preservation of those rights all depend on us.
And it all depends on us working together.
It all depends on us ignoring
the propaganda that is put into the media that seeks to divide us by race, by religion, by creed, by color.
Anything, any divisive method that is put into the media that is meant to bring about separation and division, we need to ignore it because we are stronger together.
We are stronger and we are more united.
The more united we are, the harder it is to defeat us.
And that is what they do not want.
And so the amendments, right, these are the things that need to be protected.
First amendment are fundamental freedoms, the right to free speech, right?
Parental rights are included in there.
Privacy, there are a number of rights that are included in there.
The second amendment, right to bare arms, I'm not even gonna touch that tonight, but that is something else, right?
Our right to protect ourselves.
Searches and seizures.
Bobby and Cox is leading a lawsuit in quarantine camp bill that our governor tried to impose on New Yorkers, and I'm not going to get into it, but illegal searches and seizures.
America can very much, is not far from looking like Australia a couple years ago, and China.
It really is not, and we don't need to take that for granted.
The rights of persons are enumerated in the Fifth Amendment, enumerated rights, unenumerated rights are in the Ninth Amendment, and so they are reserved to us.
Anything that's not enumerated in the Constitution are reserved to the people.
They are reserved for us.
And so, for instance, when New York imposed its mandate and got rid of religious exemptions, in New York,
The Department of Health, the president tried to say that mandates are not enumerated in the Constitution, so there are no rights there.
And I said, for the fact that it's not enumerated in the Constitution means that it's reserved to the people under the Ninth Amendment.
So it doesn't have to be enumerated in there.
It's just a blanket slate.
If it's not written in there, then it's understood that those rights are reserved to the people, right?
But if you don't know that,
You will go along with whatever she says and just say, oh, wow, she's right.
It's not in there, so we don't have that right.
No, that's not true.
It's the opposite.
And there are judges sitting on the bench that don't like to touch cases when it comes to the Ninth Amendment, so they try to skirt around it as much as possible.
The 10th Amendment, the rights are reserved to the people, right, to the states and the people.
So what that means is if the federal government fails to
defend our rights and seek to violate our rights, our local leaders are supposed to step between that government and its people to protect us.
But if the local government fails to do that, then the people have a right to raise up.
And so we have to understand that.
The 13th Amendment, abolition of slavery, that's being eroded as we sit here.
The 14th Amendment rights to due process and equal protection.
So I'm not going to go through all of these just for the sake of time.
But I want to say that the implications of all the protocols, all the protocols were severe constitutional violations at state and federal levels.
First Amendment, Fourth Amendment, 14th Amendment, informed consent.
They implicated all of these violations, every single one of them.
And so thank God for the attorneys that are in the room that have taken up this fight to bring these lawsuits and to defend people against what's going on, because it literally started with the erosion of our rights down to the actual denial of life itself.
And I don't know how much more deeper you can get than that, to decide who gets to live and who gets to die based upon an injection that they choose to take or not, or based upon protocols that they choose to say, I don't want to be a part of, I don't want to take that.
Don't put me on this machine, that machine.
And someone else makes that decision as to whether you deserve life or not.
It is that serious.
And we have to start saying these.
We have to say these things and continue to say it.
The paradox of this constitution, though, it's very tricky because the document that frees us can also be used to enslave us.
The 13th Amendment of the United States Constitution provides that neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
Which means that if we, once you break a law in the United States, you are now subjected to involuntary servitude.
your rights are pretty much suspended, a lot of them.
Not all of them, but many of them.
And so your bodily autonomy and a number of rights that you pretty much hold are eroded at that point.
You have lost it.
And so what is the point of what I'm saying?
Well, the doctrine of the lesson magistrates have to be implicated.
We have to stand up.
And today, what I felt led to do, I say all of that to say is,
It's time for us to get off of the offense, to off the defense and step onto the offense.
And I'm gonna probably have to go back and forth because, or let me just, what I'm showing you are different bills.
Can we go back one?
Thank you.
And I'm not gonna get much into this because it will be discussed tomorrow.
But the reason why I'm saying to get off of the defense and to step onto the offense, and not everyone, because we need attorneys in the courtrooms, right?
I'm an attorney.
But when Bobby Ann was talking to me about running for office, I understood after thinking about it for some time, I said it's time to enter different rooms.
Because by the time we enter a courtroom, laws have been made.
The bills have been proposed.
The laws have been made.
And now we're going in to defend against a violation, something that has already occurred to maintain our rights or to redress a harm that has already occurred to us.
And so for me, I said it's time to enter rooms and get onto levels of authority in this world and in our country, in the systems
so that when bills are being proposed, when laws are being made, that those of us that are in this room, like-minded, well aware of what's happening, are part of that conversation.
We can't leave it up to those that are on the other side and then stand in a position of defense against them.
No, we have to get on the offense.
And the more of us that steps into that position, the less there are, because they're limited seats.
They're limited seats.
The person that I'm running against in New York, she's horrible.
She's a horrible person.
No, she really is.
She lies to her constituents.
She seems like a very nice person.
But when I say she's a horrible person, I'm listening on her voting record and the representations that she makes to her constituents.
She is voting for things that literally will lead to the annihilation of parental rights, right?
The usurping of authority.
New York has the Equal Rights Amendment.
The Equal Rights Amendment
is being purported as an amendment that's for women's rights, for civil rights, and things of that nature.
It's not.
It's an abolition of parental rights.
Yet she is walking around and telling people that the complete opposite.
And that is unacceptable.
And so could I just sit and continuously complain about what she's doing?
Yeah, I could.
But I can also step in.
to the fight, step into the ring, unseat her so that now my voice is heard in the room, so that now when we talk about medical freedom, when we talk about the preservation of parental rights, when we talk about inalienable rights, when we talk about freedom of speech and everything else, my voice is being heard in the room.
And so we're now represented.
And so now it's not just a matter of waiting for this to pass, waiting for bills such as Assembly Bill 276B,
which provides for the treatment of sexually transmitted diseases without parental knowledge or consent.
New York has a number of these bills that are proposed for this legislative session, whereby parental rights where children can consent to medical procedures without parental knowledge or their consent.
Yet they're going to be required to pay this bill.
And when they get the bill or their insurance statement,
it will be blocked out, redacted, the procedure that their child partake, consented to.
And this is not just happening in New York.
There are a number of states around the country that this is happening in, but I will tell you that the states where it has not occurred yet, if it occurs in New York, it will occur in other states and it's just going to keep spreading.
And so I just felt led that I had to go in there, our bills we're talking about,
14-year-olds can consent to sexually transmitted injections for sexually transmitted diseases.
There are bills being proposed where they want to take comprehensive sex education and teach that to kindergarteners, five-year-olds.
And this is without parental knowledge or consent.
So I call COVID the Trojan horse experiment and agenda because COVID is like a spider whose tentacles just spawned webs, right?
And it just spread out.
And it ushered in this whole era of everything that is now flowing from it.
That's the quarantine bill.
And so for me, I love this quote where peace will never be achieved through acts of compliance.
This was passed to Samuel Cooper in 1780.
Peace we ardently wish, but not upon terms dishonorable to ourselves or dangerous to our liberties.
We can't have peace where our liberties are sacrificed.
So being quiet and complicit in times when we have to raise our voices and stand up and speak up, it's not going to work out well for us.
It's not.
And our enemies seem not yet prepared to allow it upon anything other.
At present, the voice of Providence, the call of our still-invaded country and the cry of everything dear to us, all unite to rouse us to prosecute the war with redoubled vigor, upon the success of which all our free constitution, all our hopes depend.
That was 1780, and we are in 2024.
Yet it is very relevant to what is happening now in our lives.
So as I said, it's time to go on the offensive side of this fight.
Every right implies in the responsibility, every opportunity, an obligation, every possession, a duty.
Responsibility is the price of freedom.
Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.
And responsibility is accepting that you are the cause and the solution of the matter.
Each and every one of us in this room
has an obligation, a moral obligation, a duty to step up and stand up to what is happening in our country.
It's great if you are not an attorney or a medical doctor.
It's great that you're here to find out information.
Take the information that you're getting, that you received today, that you will receive tomorrow, and do something else with it.
Step to another level of authority.
Step into another realm.
And even the doctors and the attorneys that are in the room, I dare you all to step into another level of fight.
Right?
Get into seats of authority within the system that you are in because the power of the people is greater than the people in power.
And if we all just stand up, the game is over.
The game is played on the backs of us, our complicity.
The game is played on the backs of our, our acquiescence, our quiet, our silence, and we can't allow that.
So, as I said, I commend each and every one of you that have taken up the fight to stand against the tyranny that we have all been subjected to the past few years.
But as I said, while lawsuits are great, they keep us on the defense.
You see, those who have been in power, I don't care what side of the aisle they have been on, they have all failed us.
On one side,
you have people that were fighting and are still fighting ardently to defend this nefarious agenda, to push that which they have put in place.
But on the other side, it's been very quiet the past few years.
And I think some people are waking up.
I think they're starting to make more noise because they realize that we can no longer sit quietly and just allow it to be.
But I implore you to take your positions, enter higher levels, seats of authority, throw your hat in the ring.
Do something different because we have to take those seats.
We have to be the voices in those rooms.
We have to be the voices of reason.
We have to stand and demand our freedoms.
Let me be clear.
This is not just a political issue.
Politics is involved in all of it.
But it is not just a political issue.
And it's not simply a legal issue.
It is not a me issue.
And it is not a you issue.
This is a humanitarian issue.
It is a fight for humanity.
And we have to answer the call.
And so to be honest with you, if you are in this room this evening, if you are here, you made it to this point in time.
It means that you have been called to fight into this fight by something greater than just your education, by something greater than just your plans, by something greater than just what you thought you would like to do life.
Because I know, like I said, my life has been turned around.
and has been on this accelerated course in a, in a direction that I did not, I could not see a few years ago.
Could not.
And so if you're here, you feel that pull.
You get that pull.
Something that has entered your mind before now, before today that says you should do X, Y, Z.
You should do this.
You should do that.
But in the back of your mind, you're probably fighting it and saying, no, we can't afford that at all.
We have to determine in our minds and be willing to accept the fact that we have been duped.
We have been tricked into believing that the systems of this world were created to preserve our rights, to preserve our freedoms, that they are the source responsible for our advancement and preservation.
And if we don't accept these lies, which have become self-evident, especially over the past four years, which came by way of a Trojan horse named COVID-19, then we will never be able to attain and maintain the true freedom that this country was created and established to possess.
In order for us to deal with the issues in this society and what has been expanding and spreading out, we must expand our reach into those rooms.
We have no other choice.
The whole world watches America.
We are the leading light.
Even though over the past few years and even months, other countries have been looking at us and trying to figure out what's going on.
But we are still the leading light.
And eventually what happens in America will happen in the world.
We have a responsibility, and it's our responsibility to stand up and speak up as the leading light of this world.
We must let our Constitution rule.
Because when we let our Constitution rule, then freedom will have no other choice.
but to rain from the east and from the west.
It will rain from the north and from the south.
And then that freedom.
Then freedom will be that which we realize and which we'll be able to preserve for future generations.
Right now, everything is in the balance.
Everything is in question.
Think about the world that's being created for your children and grandchildren to live in and your great grandchildren.
Are we just gonna sit by and allow it to go?
And I know for many of us in the room, that's not what we're doing.
We are fighting the fight, but today I'm telling you, I'm calling you,
And I'm asking you, as my colleagues, to consider stepping into higher realms of authority within this country.
We are needed.
Our voices are needed.
There's a clarion call that has been sent out.
And God is calling us into these different positions, into these different levels.
Our Constitution is on the verge of becoming a relic on display as an exhibit in a museum where we will pay money to go and view it.
the Declaration of Independence, we'll go and view it and say, oh wow, remember when?
And that's if we can get out of our 15 minute cities, if we will be allowed out of certain boundaries to enter different areas within the city, right?
Congestion pricing and all these things that's going, city of yes, all the terms that they're using, right?
To dictate out our movements, where we can work, where we can shop, where we can eat, what we can do.
All of this is being done under very attractive names.
In order to preserve our freedoms, we must be willing to trade our wealth and our status, our memberships, our friendships, our relationships.
And then freedom, if we do that, then freedom will be preserved.
But when we are willing to admit that all that has been happening has been a trick,
everything has been to rob us and erode us, then freedom will truly be ours, once we stand up and we fight, and then we will truly be able to sing, my country, tis of thee, sweet land of liberty, land where our fathers died, land where our mothers cried, land where
our children and our elderly are being sacrificed.
But we'll also be able to sing.
Land where the magistrates stood up, stepped up and answered to the cries to defend as they attempted to annihilate our rights.
Standing together, all men, all women, boy, girl, Jew, Gentile, Catholic and Christian, Muslim, then we will all be able to sing.
that song that no longer belongs to just one people group, but it belongs to all of us.
COVID-19 leveled the playing field.
And then we will be able to sing that we are truly free at last.
Right now, we cannot say that.
Everything is in question and everything is in balance, is being held in balance.
You see, we are magistrates.
a challenge you to enter the next level of this fight.
Stand and fight for freedom, for the freedoms that God gave us, that he meant to be ours so that we can behold it, possess it, realize it, and preserve it for generations to come.
Go back one more time, Chance, please, I'm sorry.
I looked for someone among them who would build up the wall and stand before me in the gap on behalf of the land so I would not have to destroy it, but I found no one.
We have a God given duty to stand between a tyrannical government and God's children.
As attorneys, we are truly less magistrates.
As doctors, we are truly less magistrates standing under the authority of the living God.
I implore you to pray, plan, prepare, and position.
And we will come out on the winning side of all of this.
Thank you so much.
God bless you all, and God bless these wonderful United States of America.
Know who you are and who's you are.
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right, I have a few final...

[SPEAKER_38]
I'm here with Jeff Childers from Childers Law, keynote speaker at COVID Litigation Conference 2 in Vegas.
You were also in Atlanta with us last year.
Jeff, tell me, what has changed from last year to now here in Vegas?

[SPEAKER_28]
Well, first of all, they have a lot more slot machines here than in Atlanta.
I don't remember seeing any of them.
And the technology is crazy.
It's so advanced now.
You don't even have to pull the
The lever, you just kind of, the touchscreen thing, right?
You just hit buttons and scroll around.
It's just too easy for people.
That's what you meant, right?

[SPEAKER_38]
No, you wanted to know about COVID litigation.

[SPEAKER_28]
Okay, all right, sorry.

[SPEAKER_38]
We want to hear about the law, not the slots.
That's your thing.

[SPEAKER_28]
That's fine.
I'm not putting any money in it.
I work too hard for it.
No, but seriously, so it's like a totally different landscape this year.
I don't even know what it means to be a COVID lawyer, right?
Because four years ago, that category didn't exist.
Um, maybe it's the most important calling that I've ever had.
And I think a lot of people in that room feel the same way.
And, and I know that people who are interested in and attracted to this area sense that, you know, they get that it's something different.
It's not just another legal opportunity necessarily, although it's been a great blessing to me.
But when we got together last year, I think that,
You know, in many ways there's still a lot of uncertainty, a fog of war.
I think we were still trying to decide if we were still playing defense or if it was time to go on offense, right?
So there was a lot of uncertainty in that sense.

[SPEAKER_38]
How would you go on offense?
What's the difference between being on defense and then turning it into offense?

[SPEAKER_28]
Well, my point really is that I think that we've shifted now.
And if you look at the proportion of sessions this year, there still are a few that are what I would call defensive-like public employer mandates, right?
But there are very few public employer mandates left.
So that's why I think you see that the majority of sessions are more forward-looking now.
Because I think we, even if we haven't consciously recognized it yet, we're on offense.
And it's hard to pick one particular thing, because it's been a lot of people working really hard, turning this, you know, giant, the diamond princess around.
But if I could pick one thing, I would recognize Kevin McCurn and the scientist who first discovered the contamination and the shots in that SV 40.
promoter gene, and some people aren't going to know what I'm talking about, but if you get into this for a minute, these are terms that you hear very routinely now that we had never heard about before last year.
If you were asking people about SV40 promoter genes in Atlanta last year, you would have gotten blank stares.
But everybody knows what they are now.
And that is the key to understanding what happens.
Now, I don't know if it's going to wind up being SV 40.
And I don't know if it's going to be the DNA contamination in the shots.
But what happened is we now have a plausible mechanism of injury, right?

[SPEAKER_38]
So you can use that data in a case, maybe, if you have some sort of injury?

[SPEAKER_28]
Yeah.
I mean, you have to be able to explain to a court why is the vaccine bad, right?
It's just like, hey, the government's saying this saved millions of lives.
And I took it, and I'm fine.
My wife's fine, so counselor, what's the problem?
So you have to be able to say something more than, well, I know a lot of people that got sick.
That doesn't hold up in court.
Ultimately, what we want to be able to do is understand what they did.
Some people think it was on purpose.
And history would suggest, like everything else, it was on accident.
recklessly indifferent to the harms, but Kevin McKernan's research, which was published in February I think of last year, so it's been about one year now, but that's been reproduced by more labs.
And so there's not even any argument anymore.
So they tried to marginalize Kevin at first and say, well, he's just a fringe, whatever, vaccinologist or whatever, Kevin is geneticist like they do to everybody.
But then labs all around the world started popping up and saying, yeah, we reproduced it.
We found these things in it that shouldn't be in there.
And so we're this close to connecting the final dot.
And the final dot is
the connection between the mechanism of injury and the injury itself.
We call it causation.
So you give me a defective product, a well-defined defect and causation and that's it.
That's all I need.
We're done.
And an injured person.

[SPEAKER_38]
Is this sort of what happened in tobacco?
Was there where it finally shifted?
And it's like, oh, they had some data to prove that it was causing.

[SPEAKER_28]
So I use that example all the time.
People say, Jeff, when are we going to have accountability?
When are we finally going to see lawsuits?
And blah, blah, blah.
And I say, we're in the tobacco litigation.
It took lawyers 20 years to break down that wall of defense that tobacco companies in their lobbyists had built.
And it's going to be exactly the same thing with this, except I think it's going to happen faster.
I don't think it's going to take 20 years.

[SPEAKER_38]
Well, for those of you that haven't read coffee and COVID, Jeff is also the founder and keeps that going every single day.
What's your secret to that, Jeff, to keeping that fresh every single day and keeping us informed?

[SPEAKER_28]
Well, I don't need a secret because the news is so insane that it's a target-rich environment.
I mean, I have so much material to work with.
It's just child's play.

[SPEAKER_38]
Well, thank you for all the work you're doing with that.
And in the legal space, we really appreciate you.
You bet.
Thank you for being here.

[SPEAKER_32]
Good talking to you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_38]
I'm here with Ray Flores, Independent Counsel.
Did I say your name right?
No.
Ray Flores is there?
Absolutely not.
All right.
Tell us, Ray.

[SPEAKER_50]
Tell your outside counsel to Children's Health Defense.
That's right.
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_38]
Well, tell us what you're doing here at the COVID Litigation Conference.
What are you looking forward to seeing and hearing?
And what are you speaking about here?

[SPEAKER_50]
I'm going to be speaking about public enemy number one tomorrow, the PREP Act.
And that is what precludes anybody from being able to get any sort of meaningful compensation for COVID-19 vaccine injury or any other covered countermeasure.
The PREP Act has been in effect since 2005 when G. Debi, when he signed it,
and nobody has ever been able to bring a lawsuit under what they call willfulness conduct in Washington D.C. And I'm the first person to ever have brought a lawsuit for the death of an individual by a covered countermeasure in Washington D.C. federal court.

[SPEAKER_38]
How far along are you right now with the process?

[SPEAKER_50]
I filed Memorial Day or, you know, the 31st of May of the last year.
And then the government tried to dismiss the case, saying claiming sovereign immunity.
That has been on the court's docket or on their desk now for the past six months.
And they haven't ruled it yet.
So the case is still alive, which is a good thing.
I think I've got a good case.
Pleading willful misconduct is next to impossible.
You know, murder is easier to prove.
You have to show that there was an act or a mission.
it was done intentionally to achieve a wrongful purpose that had no factual or legal justification and that they knew from the onset that it was obvious that any benefit or any harm would be greatly outweighed by the benefit.
And so that's almost impossible to prove, and you have to prove it with what they call clear and convincing evidence.
And you have a three-judge panel ruling on it.
You've got Bruno with the brass knuckles over in the corner threatening rule 11 sanctions to make an example out of you for having dared bring in case that they consider to be frivolous or out of the box.
overcome some significant challenges just to even bring it.
And that's why I believe no other attorney has ever dared bring a lawsuit properly under the PREP Act.

[SPEAKER_38]
So what's the next step right now?
What's going to happen next?

[SPEAKER_50]
Well, the court is obviously going to deny the motion to dismiss, right?
And they're going to move forward, and we're going to get justice for the family of George Watts Jr.
He waited until the licensed vaccine
you know until the vaccine was licensed but the Department of Defense they left the unlicensed product in place and from the onset they never cared if it was licensed or if it was merely authorized but the moment in in writing and in the contract with Pfizer and once it was authorized which means it may be effective they went out and they told the whole world that it was safe and effective and they even told
health care providers to say that it's safe and effective as well and so they carried forward a lie and the wrongful purpose was to bring about
a mass human experiment, the largest in modern history.
And they knew that they had no legal or factual justification to do that, because in Dovey Rumsfeld, they knew that they could not bring soldiers to become human guinea pigs in their medical experiments.
And that's Judge Sullivan's words.
Those aren't my words.
So they knew ahead of time that there is a difference between authorized and a licensed vaccine.
And they also knew the Department of Defense because the army, they were
plaintiffs in the Nuremberg trials.
So how can you tell me that it's okay to bring about a mass human experiment, and how can you tell me that there's gonna be a benefit that's greatly gonna outweigh any harm because they're enticing people under false pretenses to become part, in fact, the entire American population, one way or another, either by participating in it or refraining
has been a subject of these of this massive medical experiment and my client family anyway of the deceased.
He waited until it was licensed and he died a month after his second vaccine.
And the cause of death, according to the coroner's report and the certificate of death was a Pfizer vaccine.

[SPEAKER_38]
So that was in the coroner's report.

[SPEAKER_50]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_38]
Well, we'll keep tracking this case with you because I hope it continues to move forward with success.
I also understand you have another interesting case with the Department of Parks and Recs.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_50]
actually it's public enemy number two and that is the cashless society because the prep act and or the pandemic actually was all the kind of the precursor to the totalitarian surveillance state that they're looking to impose upon us and so cashless is the linchpin you cannot control
You know paper currency in the same way that you can turn off somebody's bank account with a flip of a switch, right?
So
The National Park Service at 29 locations is refusing American cash.
Can you imagine that?
They will not let you in.
They're griswalding every American family.
And what's even more interesting about this is that nearly 6 million American households are bankless.
That means they don't even have a bank account.
They can't have a credit card.

[SPEAKER_38]
That's a huge number, 6 million in today's world.

[SPEAKER_50]
right yeah in in in America and then also then the ones who can't have a credit card there's another high percentage of american households who do not have credit cards either so it discriminates about against the poor or or patriots with harder and cash in hand who want to go ahead and visit their national treasures and all these
platitudes of inclusion, and we want everybody to come and visit your national parks.
It just, it's exposed as a fraud because they're telling those people to stay out.

[SPEAKER_38]
And what is the status of this case that you're taking?

[SPEAKER_50]
I filed it yesterday, so we will see.
And there's a wonderful article in the Defender about it that just came out today.
Woman sues the National Park Service over refusing to accept cash to enter.

[SPEAKER_38]
You heard it here first, folks.
Ray, good luck with both of those cases, and thank you for being here at the COVID Litigation Conference.

[SPEAKER_50]
Right on, man.
On to victory, brother.

[SPEAKER_39]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_49]
Thank you, sir.

[SPEAKER_38]
Hi, we're back here live at the Horseshoe Hotel for COVID Litigation Conference 2, and the day is over.
I'm here with Lisa Leahy, who was

[SPEAKER_05]
Hi, great to see you.

[SPEAKER_38]
Nice to see you too.
Lisa was the emcee today, hosting the entire day, so you must be exhausted.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm a little tired, but I'm, I'm jazzed.
I'm charged because everybody was so inspiring, right?
Trisha Lindsay really wrapped up the day well and kind of captured the overall sentiment, which was how important it is to come together.
And how important it is to fight this fight together and not allow the propaganda and all the elements that would like to divide us to divide us and to drive us apart because we're very strong together.
So I love the way she captured that in her final talk.

[SPEAKER_38]
She's such an inspiring speaker, and I really do hope she wins to get someone like her in a government seat would be fantastic.
Lisa, you're a lawyer as well.
What were some of the highlights today that you saw from the last conference in Atlanta that, what are some of the evolution?
What did you find today?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I love listening to education mandates panel.
As far as evolution of the law, or learning different things about the law,
It was just a good reminder.
Lucia Sinatra of No College Mandates was just fantastic, just her activism.
And without going to court, just the pressure, the social pressure that groups like hers put on the courts to become aware of sort of the social tide.
and the social sentiment against something, the courts end up deciding in our favor, and the schools themselves, right?
I mean, last year, a year ago at this time, I think there were 400 plus universities who had COVID vaccine mandates.
And now we're down to, I think, 61, Lucia said.
with Harvard being the latest two days ago to pull their vaccine mandate for students.
Of course, faculty was already excluded from the mandate and staff.
So that was inspiring.
Just incredible lawyers, incredible doctors, Mary Talley Bowden,
Wow, right.
She's great.
She's really working to bring attention to the elected officials who will speak out against the shots and call for the shots to be stopped.

[SPEAKER_38]
She played a recording that she had with a pharmacist.
And I mean, it used to be that the pharmacist just wrote the script or prescribed or gave filled the prescription from the doctor.

[SPEAKER_26]
You know, great.

[SPEAKER_38]
But in this recording, this
This pharmacist was basically not filling the script and then challenging why she was calling him.
It was incredible.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah the pharmacist said well I can't fill that because of the reason that you're prescribing it because you're you're prescribing this medicine for for like an illegitimate.
you know cause or reason which was to fight COVID and the medicine was ivermectin and she was really calling him out and he was he was getting nervous but it was shocking to hear it right just shocking who's he she's a doctor exactly it's it's it's nonsense um and then you got a big day tomorrow
Yes, another great day.
So tomorrow what's going to be so great is we have a prep act panel.
And so this is new.
Last year we didn't have prep act.
Prep act is that horrible act that gives immunity from liability to all the actors across the board from injectors, pharmacists, doctors, anyone involved in COVID vaccines or any of the countermeasures of COVID.
If they did something wrong, if they killed somebody, no matter how bad the act, you can't sue them.
But these lawyers are figuring out ways to get around the PREP Act.
So this is going to be exciting.
I'm really looking forward to that panel.

[SPEAKER_38]
Should be a great day.
And Warner, in the little interview I did with him earlier, he talked about the PREP Act as well.
Well, thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good to see you.

[SPEAKER_38]
And don't go away because I have who you just saw live on stage.
Trisha Lindsey standing over here comes just just a quick one.
I know you must be exhausted.
This is the incredible Trisha Lindsey.
Say hello.
Your own life.

[SPEAKER_52]
Hi, everyone.

[SPEAKER_38]
So you're running for tell me about the office you're running for now.

[SPEAKER_52]
New York State Senate 37th Senate District.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_38]
And when is the election?

[SPEAKER_52]
November 5th.

[SPEAKER_38]
So it's on the same day as the presidential election.

[SPEAKER_52]
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.

[SPEAKER_38]
I want to actually become a New York resident now just so I can vote for you.

[SPEAKER_52]
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_38]
That was an astounding speech that you gave.
And it's like every time I see you speak, you just keep raising the bar.
So thank you for all the work you do, Trisha.

[SPEAKER_52]
Thank you for everything you do.
And thank you.
I'm glad it right.
When I speak, I just hope that it lands and that I can inspire someone and rally people to the next level to do something in this fight.
That's all I want to do.

[SPEAKER_38]
Well, I hope all of you out there in New York that are in the district can vote and vote for Trisha Lindsey come November.
That's me endorsing.
Trisha, me personally.
I know VSRF can endorse candidates, but I can.
Thank you for being here, Trisha.

[SPEAKER_52]
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
All right.

[SPEAKER_38]
So we're going to wrap it up here at the COVID Litigation Conference tomorrow, day two.
Next week, we have Cat Lindley and James Rogusky.
We'll be getting an update on the who and the who pandemic pandemic treaty, a little slip there.
So we'll have a really good update.
Cat's wonderful.
James is very knowledgeable about what's going on.
So join us next week on VSRF Live.
Thank you for being here tonight.
And lastly, I just want to say if you really appreciate the work we do, we are a 501c3.
So all your donations are appreciated.
Go to vacsafety.org, backslash donate, contribute what you can, and we can continue doing the work that we do.
We really thank you for tuning in and for
helping us out with your donations.
We're going to close out with the video that I did for the Global Health Project telling you a little bit about the World Health Organization.
Have a good night.
Clear?

[SPEAKER_16]
We are here today because we are all concerned
by the World Health Organization's strong pressure to extend its powers, its structural and its financial capacities with a permanent effect over the sovereignty of the countries and over the self-determination of the people.

[SPEAKER_14]
I will initiate an independent evaluation at the earliest appropriate moment to review, experience, gain and lessons learned and to make recommendations to improve national and global pandemic preparedness and response.
But one thing is abundantly clear.
The world must never be the same.

[SPEAKER_40]
It is simply
unthinkable that you would take an entity that had that had failed as badly as the who failed and award them any more powers.
We are talking about global power over the citizens of the world, this organization, which has served us so poorly.

[SPEAKER_08]
This is from the Health and Democracy Conference, 13th of September, 2023 in the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
Now, Philip Krause is one of the lawyers involved in the Citizens Initiative, challenging the European Parliament to reject the new international health regulations and the WHO pandemic treaty.

[SPEAKER_16]
It was in the wake of the COVID-19 crisis that the WHO has initiated a reform process which will bring significant changes to all of us that will concern every human being
and every of the 194 member states on this planet.

[SPEAKER_37]
pandemic treaty affecting preparedness, response and recovery.

[SPEAKER_31]
Through a series of 307 amendments and a global pandemic treaty, the WHO seeks to gain authority over health decisions of UN member nations that could affect the rest of the world in the case of something like another COVID pandemic.

[SPEAKER_00]
The WHO are introducing a pandemic treaty that will mean they'll be able to take your tax dollars without listening to your opinion or giving you the chance to vote on it.
Is that democracy?

[SPEAKER_14]
As you know, this morning,
The 193 member states of the United Nations approved the political declaration on pandemic prevention, preparedness and response.

[SPEAKER_16]
In May 2024, the 194 member states of the WHO will have their final vote on both of these international agreements.
This process takes place behind closed doors.
It is not reported nor discussed in our newspapers, in our national parliaments, in universities, nor in society.
The WHO claims in these two legal instruments an absolute and non-questionable leadership in all health measures
as soon as WHO refers itself to pandemic prevention, preparedness and response.

[SPEAKER_08]
talking about here health products.
Vaccines, medical devices, personal protective equipment, diagnostics, assistive products, I'm not quite sure why that is.
Cell and gene-based therapies and their components, materials or parts.
Cell and gene-based therapies, health products including vaccines, medical devices,
It really sounds really quite terrifying that the WHO would have total power over imposing these honours.

[SPEAKER_23]
They want to give themselves surveillance power, determine treatments, vaccine mandates, vaccine distribution, vaccine intellectual property and profits, and they want to redistribute basically everything in the name of pandemics.

[SPEAKER_46]
How is the declaration, the pandemic declaration approved today, how is it binding?

[SPEAKER_08]
And if we look through other parts of the treaty, we can see here that this is what they've done quite often.
Here all they've done is simply cross out non-binding.
So instead of used to mean non-binding advice, now it means binding advice.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is why this political integration, as Dr Tedros said, is historic and very important for the ongoing negotiation in Geneva, who will be binding to member states when they agree on the final text by May 24.

[SPEAKER_16]
WHO will have the right to not only declare recommendations made by several experts but also to impose on the people of this planet or only to a certain region all kinds of restrictions, access restrictions, lockdowns, surveillance and experimental treatments.

[SPEAKER_08]
and we just look through it.
So for example here, they've crossed out this part with full respect for the dignity, human rights and fundamental freedoms of persons.
Why on earth would you have a WHO treaty where you take out a clause that says the implementation of these regulations shall be with the full respect for the dignity, human rights and fundamental freedoms of persons?
Why would you cross that out?

[SPEAKER_44]
We have never before in history, in 5,000 years of recorded human history, we've never seen this level of authority given to an international global body.

[SPEAKER_31]
Those supporting this authority for the WHO, such as top advisor Dr. Abdullah Asiri, say it's necessary to protect the world's population, even if it means restricting some of their liberties.

[SPEAKER_51]
The world, however, requires a different level of legal mandates, such as the pandemic treaty
to navigate through a particular pandemic should one occur and it will.
Prioritizing actions that may restrict individual liberties, mandating and sharing of information, knowledge and resources and pandemic control efforts are all necessary during a pandemic.

[SPEAKER_16]
It shall be granted the power of a massive self-authorization whenever it claims to act under this purpose.
Animal health, ecosystem,
concerns about the level of CO2 and of course human health can give rise to permanent measures and even to a public health emergency to a pandemic called out and declared by the WHO.

[SPEAKER_45]
We're in danger of forgetting how important this is and we need to recommit to pandemic preparedness.
because we will not forget.
We will learn the lessons and we will move forward with an accord.
We will move forward with pandemic preparedness.
We will improve surveillance systems.
We will take a one health approach and manage the ecosystem.
We inhabit this planet.
We inhabit this planet with the animals, with the plants.
And we're putting this planet under pressure, both in terms of climate and in terms of the ecosystem.

[SPEAKER_16]
There is no mechanism foreseen that will allow
the people or the member states to challenge the assessment of WHO, whether it is the WHO's assessment about a public health emergency or their assessment with respect to certain measures or when it comes to the imposing of a regime for what they call vaccination as experimental as it might be.
There will be simply no stop button for none of the member states and not, of course not, for us, the citizens.

[SPEAKER_31]
And top backers of this United Nations move do say speed is of the essence.

[SPEAKER_21]
And I wish to stress from our perspective, the quicker we can come together, the sooner we will all be safe.

[SPEAKER_31]
Some in Congress oppose this move to further empower the WHO.
They've proposed legislation that would deem it a treaty.
A treaty would require Senate approval.

[SPEAKER_07]
I've read the treaty.
I'm concerned about it.
Article 4 pays lip service to sovereignty.
You're pushing for it.
Next year is probably when it may get adopted.
Will it be sent to the Senate for ratification?
Or are you planning on using the executive agreement, which I think is a terrible way to do things?

[SPEAKER_16]
It is.
measure and a duty for all citizens now to impose the pressure towards their public representatives, political representatives to make sure that the politicians, the political representatives understand that they go on be a right, on beyond of their entrusted vote they can use.

[SPEAKER_08]
If you don't want to contact your politicians and they can stop this,
