[SPEAKER_02]
The boy next door turned out, have a care, but don't stare because he's still there.
Listen, listen, tax man, uniform horse, they do wish to hurt you.
I must be
You must be wondering how loud the boy next door turned out Have a care, say a quick breath He's still there, and then take me to the swimming pool Saving women, taxing them, unifying us Educating criminals, work within the law
Oh
It is beyond the constraints of my mind Couldn't be to see with faith you did nothing but know It's just more lost from all the stars, thicker than pictures Nothing to delay I'm so scared to show intelligence It might swirle and look like a real mess
is designed for crashing boys.
I am not one.
Oh no, I am not one.
You don't understand.
You don't understand that you can't take me in your arms and love me.

[UNKNOWN]
You don't love me.
I don't even love me.
Take me in your arms and love me.

[SPEAKER_02]
Take me in your arms and I'll be Take me in your arms and I'll be What'd you do?
What'd you do?
What'd you shake that thing?

[UNKNOWN]
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

[SPEAKER_07]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we feature a panel of COVID litigators who will discuss recent major wins in the fight against illegal COVID mandates and their harmful repercussions.

[SPEAKER_00]
We filed our lawsuit on behalf of 35 of our individual plaintiffs.
We were very successful in January of 2022.
The judge said, okay, no more kicking people out, no more kicking these plaintiffs out.
And thereafter, we decided that we were going to bring the 4,000 other clients that we now represent in the Navy along for being able to be protected from being removed from their careers.

[SPEAKER_08]
We've become commodities to these drug companies.
And they have brought our employers in to take advantage of us.
And they have violated our privacy.
They violated our bodily autonomy and our rights.
So cases like this are critical.

[SPEAKER_07]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
We have a great show tonight.
Our dear friend, attorney Warner Mendenhall, along with his co-counsel on several high-profile cases, Jeremy Friedman will be joining us this evening to give us an update on important COVID litigation wins and cases in the pipeline.
And Dr. Christopher Rake, who is being represented by Warner and Jeremy in a current lawsuit against the Regents of the University of California, will be here as well.
Also military legal expert Danielle Runyon will be joining us a little later on.
She's currently traveling and on her plane, and her plane is unfortunately running late, so hopefully she will be here to discuss with us her most recent win on her case of US Navy SEALs versus Biden.
And also, Steve Kirsch will drop in to give us a little update on his situation and his take on what we're discussing here tonight.
First, I want to thank all of you loyal VSRF followers for showing up every week.
We cannot do what we do without your support, as our work relies solely on donations.
Please help support us and donate today.
Every donation helps and all donations are tax deductible.
Janet will put the link for donations in the chat and I'll be flashing it during the show.
You'll see it flash across the bottom.
Now, I wanna introduce our host for this evening, Lisa Leahy.
How are you Lisa?
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_03]
So nice to see you, Livio.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm doing well.
Welcome back.
I want to read your bio in case it's been a while since we've had you on.
But let me get the audience up to date on your bio.
Lisa received her JD from UC Berkeley, Bolt Hall School of Law.
She went on to practice corporate finance in Silicon Valley and eventually left to raise a family.
The negative vaccine reactions on her own children led her to question the COVID narrative early on.
Lisa joined VSRF at the inception after hearing Steve Kersh speak on 60 Minutes.
She also headed up the second COVID litigation conference in Las Vegas earlier this year.
So Lisa, how did you first contact Steve?
You saw him on 60 Minutes and then what happened?

[SPEAKER_03]
So just backing up one sentence, I was lecturing my family about hydroxychloroquine because it had come to my attention that it really does work against sort of the whole group thing here in Silicon Valley.
Trump was saying this thing worked.
I found out it worked.
That's a longer story.
And so when my mom saw Steve on TV talking about early treatments
She called and said, oh honey, there's a man on TV talking about what you're always talking about, these early treatments.
And so I turned it on and I watched him and I said, okay, that's all great, super great.
I love that fluvoxamine seems to work, but he didn't really talk about hydroxychloroquine.
And then the next day in my little Los Altos town crier newspaper, the town where I live and Steve lives in Los Altos Hills, seven minutes away,
There was Steve's picture in the paper, local Silicon Valley engineer on 60 minutes.

[SPEAKER_07]
So then he was still a good guy back then for the legacy media, right?
They, they weren't demonizing him yet.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
He hadn't really gone fully into the vaccine yet.
He was still focused on trying to stop the infection, you know, trying to save people with repurposed medicine.
But yeah, I found a person that we knew in common and got an introduction, I think the next day, and then the rest is history.
They went over and met with him and talked about his work.
And I said, I want to be a foot soldier.
Whatever you're doing, I want to do it.
This is where my head's at 100% of the time.
So it was really cool.

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't know about you, but when I first started working here, I didn't think we'd be working this long.
I thought we would have like made a difference and maybe made more bigger changes that we wouldn't have to still be here.
And I can't believe it.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, Steve thought it would be six weeks.
Sorry to interrupt.
It's like, I'm gonna do this for six weeks.
And then, you know, I will have done my
my good deed, when he saw the VAERS numbers and analyzed VAERS and he's a numbers guy, he's like, oh, these vaccines are we're going to end these vaccines in six weeks.
But here we are.

[SPEAKER_07]
And I'm sure our legal counsel that's here tonight, I wonder, I'm curious how long they thought they would be litigating COVID cases and vaccine cases.
Because, yeah, it just we've only say this, like, yeah, people like Warner,

[SPEAKER_03]
who have been fighting in the vaccine space for years and years, I think they knew that this was going to be a long haul because they know the enormity of the pushback by pharma, by so many, the CDC, by the establishment.
So they probably knew these newcomers, us are in for surprise, right?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, speaking of Warner, I want to bring him up, because he's become one of my favorite people that I've met along the way.
Got to spend some time with him in Atlanta, a little bit in Vegas.
I saw him in Savannah.
Well, actually, let me bring him on.
Hello, Warner.
Good to see you again.
How are you, sir?
Oh, it's great to be back with you guys.
Always great to have you, and I'm going to read an abbreviated version of your bio, because a lot of our audience knows you.
But I want to remind everyone that after decades litigating government and corporate accountability cases, Warner recognized the abusive government, corporate, and institutional responses to COVID-19.
His firm, the Mendenhall Law Group, responded by bringing civil rights lawsuits for small businesses,
owners facing shutdowns, students and employees facing mask testing and vaccine mandates, and citizens facing illegal quarantine orders.
The Mendenhall Law Group also helped thousands of students and employees get religious and medical exemptions to mandates.
The firm is using the False Claims Act to sue pharmaceutical companies, medical providers, and other businesses that defrauded the American taxpayer during this COVID-19 era.
And there's so much more to say about you, Warner, but just an honor to have you here.
And you get to work with clients firsthand.
And I remember when I saw you at...
at the CHD conference, the Children's Health Defense in Savannah.
It was the first time I got to spend a lot of time with thousands of parents of vaccine-injured kids, and it really hit me talking to these people and hearing all these stories, and then also observing them, watching them talk to each other, because they'd been
knowing each other for so long.
So I'm grateful that someone like you has the humanity to work with so many people.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, and to key off of my introduction there, I mean, one of the things that I had always seen in my lifetime was a continual erosion of democratic structures in our republic.
And we saw administrative overreach, corporate overreach, corporate corruption, government corruption, contracting corruption, pharmaceutical corruption.
You know, and Jeremy can talk about that a little bit too.
You know that we have had years where the the model the business model of pharmaceuticals is fraud They commit a lot of fraud They make a ton of money and then they pay back a fraction of that to get out from under the trouble that they've created for themselves
So we saw that for years.
So when they're telling us that Moderna and Pfizer and J&J are going to be developing this brand new drug at high speed, warp speed, I mean, my automatic reaction is no way.
This is all wrong.
And I really did feel right off the bat that we were creating a
huge biological crisis for our country in the world that I couldn't believe it's like something I used to read in science fiction.
I'm a science fiction fan and you know here we put these products out here that are just very injurious to our population and to our future.
And so I feel like in some ways I was, I'm not gonna say Lisa, that I predicted the scope of what we are, my little firm and Jeremy, what we would be doing.
It really, and I didn't realize we were all that special either, but we jumped in.
And in fact, you guys know this as well.
We have formed a group of attorneys now.
It's called Freedom Council.
It's a 501c3 and it doesn't litigate itself, but it helps support litigation all over the country.
And there's right now we're up to about 250 attorneys in the group.
And the successes are coming fast and furious.
So I think there's some really good news here.
I think that the world I lived in that was full of corruption and government overreach, I think millions of people now realize that that's where we are.
And you got to hit bottom before you can get back off the floor and fix what went wrong that made you hit bottom.
And I think we have hit bottom here.
And we have millions of people that are aware of it and they're going to fix it and they're patriotic Americans.
And it's, you know, we lost a million healthcare workers, for example, out of the healthcare system.
We lost a quarter million, you know, military members.
And we have lost tens of millions in other jobs and professions that they left their old job to find a new job because of a mandate.
Every single one of those people is wide awake, ready to go to work and is a patriotic American.
And then even more so, I think we see this dawning awareness of the injury of the vaccine, those millions of families.
I think at this point, every single family's had somebody affected by the so-called vaccine.

[SPEAKER_07]
whether they know it or not.

[SPEAKER_08]
Whether they know it or not, but it's coming.
I mean, you get in an Uber car now and you tell them what you're doing and oh, they're with you.
And I had the other day, I had a court reporter, she's sitting there taking the deposition notes down.
She comes up to me, she says, oh, God bless you.
This is a dawning awareness that I think is going to save our country and belief and spirituality and the awareness that we're gaining is saving the country.
I really believe that.
I really want to carry a hopeful message because I really have a lot of hope for where we're going.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I'll just add, you said you're not special, but you guys became so special, right?
You really went out in the lead and, you know, you're a little famous, Warner.
What can I say?

[SPEAKER_08]
I just, what I don't want to do though, what I really want to say is every single person, though, who stood up in their place of work, who stood up at their hospital, who stood up at a school, all the students who stood up that we represented and worked with.
Every single one of them are my heroes.
Every single one of them, they all cross that Rubicon.
And Jeremy and I can't do any work unless we have people who are sacrificing to get us to pull us into a better future than what I think the world elites would like to pull us into.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great point.
I'm going to step aside and let Lisa chat with you for a little bit and get us all the way up to date with some of these victories.
And then I'm going to come back and introduce your colleague, Jeremy.
And we've got Christopher backstage.
He'll come on and then hopefully Danielle will join us.
So I'll be back in a little bit.
Great.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks, Livio.
Good to see you, Warner.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's so great to be here again.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's so great.
Thank you for everything you're doing.
So I want the audience to know that you have a sub-stack, if they don't know already, called COVID LawCast.
And this week, you published an important article reviewing 10 recent circuit court cases that are wins.
Mostly, let's see, they're discussing mostly religious and moral beliefs
of employees who didn't want the COVID shots or testing.
Right.
Right.
Janet's going to put a link to that article in the chat.
But before we go into some of those cases and what they might mean for future precedent in another pandemic, tell us what Graf versus DeJoy did for us.
Because you said in your article that these successes are underpinned by Graf.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's right.
Alan Rhynock is one of the lead attorneys on that case, Groff v. DeJoy.
And we were trying to have him on here tonight.
I'm sorry he's not here to explain it himself.
But I really think that that was one of the cornerstones to some real changes that we're seeing in the federal appellate courts.
And what it did, it said to the employers, look,
you have to show actually a pretty serious hardship if you're not going to accommodate somebody for, say, disability or religious belief.
So you have to actually come into court and prove that there's a hardship.
And they really can't do that.
I mean, they claimed at one point that vaccines prevented transmissions.
It doesn't.
They claim that masks work.
They don't.
They claim that six foot distancing would work.
It doesn't.
So the employers, and then what does it take for an employer to accommodate an employee in that situation?
The employer actually has to prove a hardship and a pretty substantial hardship before they can fire that employee because they want a
religious exemption so that I and the funny thing about all these cases I guess let's set the ground here a little bit understand that every one of these 10 cases and the graph versus the joy they represent years of sacrifice by the plaintiffs in the attorneys to get there these cases are losers these are ones that lost at the district court.
So the fact that they hung in there, they went on appeal, they did all this additional work, now they're all going back down to the district court for, you know, litigation and for trial.
So, you know, let's understand that they're all losers, but because of the perseverance of our people, they are now winners.
And we're going to have, I know you, hopefully Danielle will be on tonight about perseverance as well.
So I just want you to realize that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so you're saying that in every case, it was the plaintiffs who wanted the religious accommodation, who lost in district court and then appealed.
And then it goes to the circuit court.
And so just to clarify first, I mean, our audience is so savvy about medicine and law, but just for those who might not know, when we're looking to create legal precedent that future courts can cite back to and rely on in future decisions,
It has to be an appellate court decision at least, right?
It has to be in the appeals court or the Supreme Court.

[SPEAKER_08]
That's right.
So we have we have various federal circuits throughout the United States.
I happened to my office is in the sixth circuit, but I'm a member of the fifth, the seventh and a couple of others.
I think the DC circuit.
But, you know, you litigate in that, and in that circuit, so the Sixth Circuit covers Kentucky, Ohio, Michigan, a decision out of the Sixth Circuit controls then that decision will control all those federal cases within those states that is covered by that circuit.
And it informs these judges, which I can tell you, we are battling these cases right now.
And I have two losses right now that we're taking up to the sixth circuit.
And we think, in part because of all this great law that's coming out, we're going to get these district court judges overturned.
So they bring the district courts back into line with the Constitution.
They have gotten way out of line, I believe, in our circuit, but this is quickly going to resolve that.
The other thing that this does that people don't realize, and it's a little insight into the practice of law, when the Graf case succeeded last year,
Every single case got more valuable, both to the clients and the attorneys, because we're linked.
I don't make any money generally unless my clients make money.
So every case got more valuable because there were more burdens on the defendant to win and get past summary judgment in those cases.
Same thing with these 10 cases that have come out since May.
And there's actually a couple more.
It's happening so quickly.
But every one of these wins, every one of these sacrifices that these clients have done and these attorneys have done to get these victories is increasing the value of the cases.
It's increasing our ability to get better damages from the defendants.
And I can tell you, in my practice, we are resolving cases at a higher level because of all the work that all these other attorneys are doing.
So I greatly appreciate it.
It's good for the client.
It's good for the practice.

[SPEAKER_03]
I wanted to ask you about one of the cases in particular.
A couple of them are similar, and then I want to bring on Jeremy, but the Ringhofer case, Ringhofer v. Mayo, that's what's seventh circuit, no, eighth circuit.
The court said that not only does a religious belief not have to be logical or consistent,
In other words, like an employer can't go, well, I don't know if that's really a good religious belief because you're kind of illogical.
Or is that even like a true religion?
They question whether it's really a religion.
The court says that's not up to the employer.
If the employee says that's a religion, their belief, that's their belief.
But the court also said science can be part of belief.
It may be part of judging how something is bad for you.
Now, what do you mean when you say that?
Because that's health, right?
That's health and safety.

[SPEAKER_08]
It is a wonderful case.
And the attorney who is running the case, let me do a shout out, is Vince Fonlander.
And he has been a remarkable contributor to our group.
Because what we do is help each other think things through.
And then we go off in our firms and practices.
And he's out of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
His firm is Mormon, Cardell, and Erickson.
I think I've got that right.
But just a fantastic, fantastic thinker.
And the other thing about Vince, I got to tell you this, because this is true throughout Freedom Council.
Vince was a construction lawyer.
He's well known as a civil lawyer.
And now he's litigating very key constitutional cases.
We have seen many.
Unbelievable.
The lawyers who have stepped up across this country, and I know there's not enough of us.
I admit that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Not enough.

[SPEAKER_08]
But they have moved out of their regular practices in order to make this work and to fight for freedom.
And they've sacrificed.
They have good minds.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
And they have good minds.
And they're applying that logic and that excellent reasoning to constitutional law or whatever.

[SPEAKER_08]
They are great.
They are just doing so.
They're so serious about it.
They're so intelligent.
They're so dedicated.
I just love what's happening.
Lawyers, lawyering, doing what we do best, getting back to the basics of the Constitution.

[SPEAKER_03]
I love it.
But so answer my question.
Like, does this mean that you can start talking about if you have a religious accommodation claim to resist the vaccine mandate?
Can you say, and by the way, I'm really concerned that that thing also isn't good for me, that it might harm me, harm my health?

[SPEAKER_08]
Let me explain the religious objection claim a little bit more broadly anyway.
And we're actually working on a case that's helping to define the parameters of it.
But really what we're talking about is your conscience and your morality.
And that may, you know, and how that, how religion is defined, it doesn't necessarily have to be a traditional religion.
And it could be personal.
It could be your own personal spirituality that guides you.
And the one case in our list, the court accepted that the woman prayed to God and was told not to get the shot.
That should be enough.
And this case is actually very important because we've had a number of cases that are being dismissed because of so-called science.
Well, if the body is the temple of the Holy Spirit and you're not supposed to put something poisonous in it, it actually involves science.
Some science to figure out if something is a poison or bad for you.
So we are not cut off because we're moral, spiritual or religious people from understanding the current state of science as well and incorporating that in our beliefs.
So if I know a spike protein is going to go into my body and change my genetics possibly,
Oh, well, that may be that's certainly an obvious moral spiritual or religious problem and creates a real dilemma whether you're going to let that happen.
And that certainly is acceptable to be in your consideration under the ring hopper case.
So shout out.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, so religion, it's a broad definition in a sense that's really
encouraging.

[SPEAKER_08]
I want to get people out of the idea of, you know, they think religion, they think Catholic, Muslim.
Organized.
Yeah, don't think that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Organized.
There's a building.
Yeah.
There's a story.
Right.
There's a mythology.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's your personal conscience.
Okay.
That's really good to know.
One more set of cases I want to ask you about before bringing on Jeremy.
Health Freedom Defense Fund versus Cavallo Ninth Circuit and similarly Health Freedom versus LAUSD.
The Ninth Circuit said that in relation to challenges to a school vaccine mandate that
There was a question about the legitimacy of mandating a vaccine that would not prevent infection and that maybe that's not really a vaccine.
It's a medicine.
And of course, we know there's lots of legal precedent.
You cannot force people to take a medicine, right?
So what about, I mean, how significant is this?
I know the case was remanded to develop further in the district court.
So the nice circuit said, well, I'm not even sure this is a vaccine.
Go back to the district court.
So now what?
What can we do?

[SPEAKER_08]
A couple of quick things.
I want to shout out to Leslie Manukian from the Health Freedom Defense Fund because she was instrumental in getting the masks off our faces and planes, by the way, just so people recognize.
She's been a warrior throughout these battles.
And she was a warrior here and helping to fund this legal effort on this case.
And really what the court said is what we want to be able to do.
We want to be able to go into court
present our argument, present all the facts, and we're going to let these courts and juries decide what's true.
And it has nothing to do with the narrative at the national level or whatever Fauci says.
It's that court, that judge, that jury, they decide what's true.
And what we believe is true is the shots are dangerous.
Don't prevent transmission.
And in fact, if you looked at the first two weeks of the shots, more people got COVID in the first two weeks in the shot arm than in the placebo arm during the trial.
So these shots are actually damaging
to people's immune systems.
They're almost, they're a reverse on a vaccine.
They're not protecting anybody.
They're in fact exposing you.
And that's our, that's our belief.
But the case says, you know, lawyers go to court and prove it up.
We're going to have an argument.
That's what we want to do.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's what we want to do.

[SPEAKER_08]
I love it.

[SPEAKER_03]
So the Ninth Circuit said, if what the plaintiffs alleges true, i.e.
that these things don't prevent, they cause more harm,
then I don't see this as a vaccine at all.
Go figure this out.
I love it.
So it's really opening up.
It's so awesome.

[SPEAKER_08]
It's a crack in the Jacobson series in line of cases.
And we've got to get rid of Jacobson.
That thing comes out of a time period in this country that's embarrassing.
The eugenics time frame, Buck V. Bell, Korematsu.
I mean, we have this line of cases that still extant in our case law.
And we've got to end that line of cases.
So I believe we're in the middle of doing that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Savvy audience, probably a lot of people out there know what the Jacobson decision was about, but just, you know, three or so sentences.
Why is that so bad?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, the Jacobson decision said that if the community decided that you needed to get vaccinated, they could at least find you in Jacobson.
They could find you if you didn't go along with the program.
And there were a lot of problems with smallpox vaccines.
The vaccine itself was killing people, hurting people, and causing additional disease.
And the pastor, I believe, who was part of that case, he'd had a bad reaction or his son had had a bad reaction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that in front of me right now.
But he'd had some bad history with that shot and did not think that we should go forward with that.
One thing about Jacobson that I like that they understood back then, they said that this shot was the lesser of two evils.
And what I liked about that is they all at least recognize this was evil.
This was an evil.
We have forgotten that.
Vaccines, quote unquote, and vaccines that maybe are more likely to be immunizing, they are not seen as evil now.
And they are evil.
It is an evil.
It harms the body to take that in in some way or another.
And 140 years ago, they understood lesser of two evils.
That's in that case.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
Unavoidably unsafe.
Right.
And I think what Jacobson said is that, I mean, ultimately it's constitutional.
It passed constitutional muster.
You can force people to take a vaccine because they prevent the spread of this awful disease across the society.
So the government has this really rational purpose
in a mandate because you're stopping the spread of disease.
And it keeps getting cited in every vaccine mandate case.
Well, Jacobson Jacobson.
So we have to break out of Jacobson and at least show that the distinction is if they don't prevent the spread,
Jacobson doesn't apply, at a minimum, right?
Right.
All right, Livio's here to introduce Jeremy and bring him on for us.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, and clearly it's not preventing the spread because COVID now seems to be everywhere.
It's like spreading again, especially in California.
Yes, I want to bring on Jeremy Friedman.
Jeremy, welcome to VSRF Live.
Thank you for being here, sir.
And don't forget to unmute.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, unmute.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you very much.
This is a great honor.
I'm going to read your bio before releasing you to the conversation.
Jeremy Friedman is a sole practitioner in Oakland, California with a focus on false claims act cases, civil rights and attorney fees litigation.
In his 35 years of private practice, he has extensive experience under the false claims act at the trial and appellate levels with primary responsibility and more than two dozen key key
how do i say that again lisa key key cases and he has served as fees council and or consultant in dozens of other such cases around the country is currently co-counsel in an employment class action challenging the university of california
mandatory injection policy under the California constitutional right to privacy and bodily autonomy.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm going to step aside again.
And I just did get a text from Danielle that her plane has landed.
So she will make the show at some point this evening.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you, Livio.
Hi, Jeremy.
So good to see you again.
Ever seen me since Las Vegas, the litigation conference.
So I have an initial question for you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes, it's that wonderful conversation.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right, so here's my big question.
How did you personally get started down this path?
How did you find yourself doing COVID related litigation, freedom litigation?
What do you call it?
Oh, man, you're freezing, I think.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I started out.
I'm worried about my technical abilities here.
I've been a lawyer.
Is it not working?
I think we hear you.
Are you okay?
Okay.
I've been a lawyer for 11 years in private practice for 35 years.
And a big part of my practice, as was said in the introduction, is false claims act litigation.
Paul's Claims Act is when there's fraud on the government.
And so you're looking at private contractors, private entities that are charging the government, and they're doing it through fraud.
And you sue on behalf of the government.
And so you'd think that the government would often sort of be in support of your cases.
And sometimes they are.
But sometimes the government is sort of allowing the fraud to happen.
And they're more interested in covering it up than allowing a lawsuit to go forward.
So in the cases that I brought, where I'm focusing on the
fraud that the companies commit, I'm also keenly aware of problems with our government and ways in which the government becomes captured by the corporations.
Also, a big part of my practice has always been civil rights and constitutional.
So I'm very aware of sort of government overreach and when government tries to use its power to invade inalienable rights.
Also, I had a lot
along three working in science, including immunology and neuropharmacology.
And so I had, was keenly aware of sort of scientific integrity issues.
And I had some false claims that cases against scientists who committed scientific fraud and then applied to the government for money for grants.
And so in my false claims act as I've had a lot of interactions with Warner, Warner and I believe
aim about what was happening with the vaccine.
And we worked together on several cases.
And you had last week on the SRF live and representing her along with Robert Browns and Lexis Anderson in her false claims against Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
So that's that's sort of one of the reasons why I got into this area.

[SPEAKER_03]
I love it.
It makes good sense.
And that scientific background must be really helpful.
Didn't you meet Warner at like the false claims that conference?
Isn't there like a big conference every year that you guys would go to?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes, we belong to an organization that used to be called Taxpayers Against Fraud.
It's been renamed to the Anti-Fraud Coalition.
So it still has TAF as its initials.
And it started out when Warner first got involved.
It was only 150 or so lawyers now that's maybe up to 500.
And these are very difficult cases.
They require specialized skill and experience.
And these are a very good group of lawyers from around the country that share ideas and share briefing.
And they help and co-counsel cases with each other.
And it's been a good model to work off of that.
I think what Warner's done with health, with Freedom Council has benefited from seeing how TAF organized its work.

[SPEAKER_03]
Fantastic.
Well, before we bring on Dr. Christopher Rake to talk more about the Rake, the UC Regents case that you're all involved in, Chris obviously, or Dr. Rake as a plaintiff, review us, bring us up to date.
Where is the case now?
Actually, back up.
Tell us what the five, there's sort of five claims, five causes of action, if you will, five claims that you're, the plaintiffs are making against the UC Regents.
How are each of those claims coming along?
Are they all passing?
Have they all passed challenges?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, we have five basic claims that have passed the Motion to Dismiss level.
One is the violation, and Jeremy can fill in whatever I miss here, but violation of the Constitutional Right to Privacy under California's Constitution, violation of the Tom Baines Civil Rights Act,
impermissible medical inquiry in violation of your human rights organization in California.
It's called FIHA, retaliation and violation of FIHA, and violation of due process and free speech rights under the California Constitution.
So those are the remaining claims that survive what is called in California a demur, but I know more colloquially here in Ohio as a motion to dismiss.
But it's amazing.
I mean, this case has gone through the entire administrative process.
It's been through several amendments at the state court level, and we survived the motion to dismiss, the deadly motion to dismiss that caused all those appeals we were talking about earlier.
So what happens now is that we have actually had a case management conference, and we are planning a discovery
to determine whether we get to be allowed to be a class action representing 220,000 people in the University of California system.
All of their rights were violated because an illegal product was mandated.
So whether they decided to take it or not, for whatever reason, something happened to them.
If they took it, their privacy was violated, their body was invaded, and they were
given it was all under duress.
And then those that didn't take it and were fired are obviously everybody recognizes that damage.
And many of those who took it were injured.
And some of them are dead.
And we want the medical records from the UC system that will show us that they knew when they instituted this program early on, they very quickly knew just like Bears was an early warning signal.
UC system itself has the data.
And it knew this was a deadly product, a dangerous product.
And I think that's just a very compelling fact that we want that ability to argue in court like I was talking about earlier.
Jeremy, what would you add to that?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I think that's a great statement.
I think that Dr. Rake's case and this class action really helps contribute to the discussion you were just having over the religious exemptions,
moral and ethical objections, because a lot of people fail, either that they were not born, we'll hear from Chris Rake.
He felt his religion made it that it's inappropriate for him to ask for a religious exemption.
That it should be right on behalf of anybody and everybody to say, I don't want to have medical treatment.
And that's what the right to privacy is.
And in California, the right to privacy is very strong.
It's written into the California Constitution.
And it covers both autonomy, privacy, which is right to make decisions over your own body, which is actually modeled on federal law.
People don't recognize that until the health freedom case.
And then informational privacy, which was passed by referendum in California.
which is you know tell us what whether you're taking the vaccine or let's track all those people who refuse to take the vaccine or if you're going to apply for religious exemption exactly what your religious beliefs are and how long you've held them and why they're so important to you and even more so they're using the data they want us to take these external events so that they can then look at the data that's being generated and then they can increase
their own private model genetic energy.
And so they're basically taking people's information, their data, and they're using it for their purpose with people.
So there's all sorts of privacy in this.
And I think it's important to even think about the religious exemptions
that when you're going to bring a case on religious exemptions, you should join it with a privacy claim because then as you litigate the religious exemption, you can say it's a violation of your privacy to have to make all these disclosures about what your religious beliefs are.
It should be something that you should be able to not to do.

[SPEAKER_03]
So you all cited California privacy laws, right?
What if you're in a state that doesn't have as protective of laws as California, ironically, right?
You guys are really using the California laws right against them.
Or is there, obviously, there's probably a federal, right, to privacy.
So what kind of claim can you make if you're in Tennessee?
Maybe that's not a good Washington state.
How can you bring privacy into your claim?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I do want to I want to riff a federal privacy.
Go ahead, Jeremy.

[SPEAKER_10]
OK, the federal privacy law is really considered
the Liberty Clause, which people in our Pollard sex has written about, or the Substantive Due Process Clause.
So, and that's the basis for the health freedom case in the Ninth Circuit.
That was not brought under the Constitutional, the California Constitution.
It's a basic liberty that you have, and you're not allowed to be deprived of liberty without due process.
You can have a procedural due process claim, which is, did they give you enough notice?
Did they give you a hearing?
Things like that.
But there's a substantive due process claim, which is, this is the right to deny to take a medical treatment.
The reason why the courts have ignored that is they want to believe that Jacobson, a rule,
as interpreted, and it really, it's only a rule that the courts most recently have interpreted, like from the last few years, rather than going back 100, that if there's a compelling reason to override your choice as to a medical treatment, then we can do it.
And so it's not, the thing about how freedom isn't so much whether a vaccine or not.
I mean, I get it.
I understand it.
That's a good argument to make.
We don't like to claim our things are vaccines when they're not, but really the whole vaccine schedule is now under question.
The legitimacy of the CDC's vaccines have been called into question.
I don't mind saying that they are thinking of this as a vaccine and it's causing harm and there's no
The bottom line is that there's no public health benefit for taking this vaccine.
They wanted to make you think that you needed to take it to protect them all.
But instead, the more you take the vaccine, the more sick you get and the more of a burden you were on society because then there's more disease, there's more cancer, there's more profit for the pharmaceutical industry.
When you have no public health
Because most people still don't override your medical.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I was just going to say a lot of people still don't believe that, though.
I mean, a lot of people are still under the misimpression that
the vaccines did save lives, the COVID vaccines, that childhood vaccines save lives.
I just got into an argument with a good friend and we just said, look, we just can't talk about this.
I said, if you want to look at data, I can provide it.
But that's a factual question that I would think a lot of judges still don't, you know, aren't up to speed on.
And so like we were saying, Warner, with that night circuit case, it has to go back
and be proven in court with, you know, and then you get into the fake studies and the, you know, the bot medical journal articles and all that.
So.

[SPEAKER_07]
I want to bring on Chris Rake.
Yeah, we're running a little long and Danielle's landed, so I'm going to jump into Chris Rake here.
Chris, welcome back to VSRF Live, Doctor.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you, Livio.
It's a pleasure to be back.
We're doing great.

[SPEAKER_07]
Great to have you back.
I'm going to read a quick bio of yours so our audience could get acquainted if they don't know you already.
Dr. Christopher Rake was an esteemed anesthesiologist at UCLA for 15 years when the California State Department of Public Health
mandated the COVID shots for all healthcare workers, citing medical ethics, his human rights, and his constitutional rights.
He refused to even request an exemption, stating that simply declining was all that was necessary.
He was subsequently fired, and there's that famous video that we've shown many times over, was fired and since sued the University of California.
He is being represented by Warner Mendenhall and Jeremy Friedman of the Mendenhall Law Group.
So I wanted to bring you into the conversation.
I'm gonna hop back out and then we'll bring Danielle in shortly.
Sure.
Well, thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great to see you, Dr. Ray.

[SPEAKER_07]
Good to see you, Lisa.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thanks for coming on.
You always have so much amazing information.
I have a question for you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sure.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right off.
Was it Jeremy or Warner who said that you think there's evidence that the university knew early on that the vaccines were not stopping COVID infection and were in fact hurting people?
So again, I go back to, I talk with a local friend and I go, oh, they knew that they were hurting people.
And people just can't, the regular person out there that's not in our world with all the information we have, they can't believe that there would be such abject indifference for people's health and lives.
Why would the regents continue with the vaccine mandate if they had data showing that it was hurting people?

[SPEAKER_05]
That's a great question.
You set me up for some research I was just doing today.
But first, let me say Jeremy is it was Jeremy's thinking that kind of got us as far.
He was the first one to to posit all these things.
And he's I like to call him silent, but deadly.
He's got this intellect and this this vast information storehouse up there.
And he made a lot of claims that I actually believed, but I didn't think any lawyer would have the guts to say in a court of law.
And he's got a lot of courage.
We're actually on our third amended complaint right now.
If you read through it, you'll see the kind of claims he made.
And back when he made them in 2022, we worked on it starting around 2021, but 2022, it was still controversial the things that he was saying.
evidence out there in the medical journals, but he was confident in what he was saying.
And the question you asked is, if the UC system knew, right?
that they're causing all this damage, why would they continue to go ahead?
And we are alleging that they are corrupt, that they're involved in financial corruption, essentially that induced by finances.
And I was just looking it up today that through the CARES Act, the UC system received $260 million.
And through the three, there's three different tranches of COVID help that was doled out.
There's the CARES Act, there was something called, I think, CRRP and a third.

[SPEAKER_03]
This is okay to reveal, by the way, this isn't like.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is publicly known information.

[SPEAKER_08]
We're all good.
He's got his lawyers here.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll tell him too.

[SPEAKER_05]
We haven't even started doing this.
This is me doing internet research.
So easy to find stuff.
But the UC system received $1 billion
for the covid shutdowns for the you know everything related to covid that's a lot of money that's a lot of money so you can imagine the pressure was high on them to say well but what happens if you know if we say something bad about this and that what happens if we don't reach that 90 threshold for vaccination what happens this and that right so
They had huge financial inducements to believe what they were doing.
I'm not saying necessarily that they even did something menacingly evil in most of the people that participated in this.
I think that it's like the people that went along with it in my colleagues.
You know, it was hard enough for me to say, I know this is wrong.
I know this is unethical.
But man, I got a mortgage to pay.
I've got to put my kids through private school and I've got to put food on the table.
And so even though I knew it was wrong, it was difficult for me.
It's hard enough for somebody to see the truth.
But somebody made a famous statement once.
They said, it's hard to convince somebody of the truth when believing the lie, that when their paycheck depends upon believing the lie.
So that's so true.
So I think a lot of the people in the administration wanted to defend this position because they were getting all this money.
Man, we're looking at the shutdowns.
We're looking at our case rates dropping in terms of the OR.
People are staying at home.
They're not getting these elective surgeries done.
They're not coming in for cancer screenings.
We need this money to keep our hospital system afloat.
And so it's a subconscious issue, I think, for most people.
But there were people at the top that must have known that we're concealing this.
You have Epic, the healthcare system for the database for the UC system.
This is a vast system.
This is the largest university hospital-based system in California, and one of the largest in the country.
and they serve 3.7 million patients per year, they have a treasure trove of data.
And they have all kinds of active admissions who want to study this thing in the most important question globally in 2020, 2021, and 2022 about the COVID vaccines and how effective they are.
You know somebody had to be looking at those data.
And if the data showed that these shots were effective,
They would have been publishing left and right every week.
We would have seen new studies come out and yet silence from the UC system.

[SPEAKER_08]
Chris, I appreciate everything that you've said, but I do want to make sure that we look at a much broader context than just this immediate money that came in under COVID because the broader context
is that the Department of Defense and our national agencies have completely co-opted all of our intellectual, scholarly institutions
across the country.
And they are all dependent on that research for DOD, for NIH.
And we have all heard about Fauci's control of the research funds.
And the problem with those research funds, if you have research that goes against the official narrative, guess what?
You're cut off from the funds and your programs are going to die.
So we have lost independent academic institutions in our country.
They're gone.
It's been deteriorating since the post-World War II era.
And we're at a point now where there is no sunlight between the DOD and the UC system.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
I go back and read probably once a month, Eisenhower's speech, because he talks about academia.
He predicts what's going to happen with academia because of the research money all being tied to the military industrial complex.
And it's just all borne out exactly how he predicted it.
So it's, it's amazing to go back and read it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
If I could just say, as Warner pointed out, you know, the UC system has at least three different sources of money.
They have the COVID money, the billion dollars we talked about, but they also have, because we're talking about patient care, the insurance monies and the Medicare monies, right?
So, you know, they were getting, they were getting paid every time a COVID test was done, every time it was positive.
Every time they had a COVID positive admission, every time they had a COVID positive ventilation, every time they had a COVID death, that's why you were seeing, and they got something like $39,000 for each death.
And so that's why you were seeing so many people doctors pushing to put COVID as a cause of death.
And the family is saying, no, he died of a heart attack or no, he had a known stroke and died of complications of pneumonia from that.
And so, you know, we were seeing that kind of thing happening.
So you have the COVID stuff with the CARES Act and the other two tranches of money.
You have the Medicare and the insurance stuff.
And then you have the NIH funding that they didn't want to lose if they bucked the Orthodox narrative.
So you had a lot of pressure on them financially speaking.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's incredible.
Well, then the real evil does sort of come out of it.

[SPEAKER_10]
And on that point, where's the California?
Any other?

[SPEAKER_03]
Shoot, unfortunately, it was hard to hear you, Jeremy.
Do you guys know what he was trying to say?
Can anybody fill in?
Something about the University of California system.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm sorry, I couldn't capture it.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
They have the highest grant.
They get more grants from the NIH than any other institution.
OK.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So the whole UC system here, it was.
Oh, so are you still talking?
Sorry, Jeremy.
Go ahead.
They're delay.
Yeah.
I mean, all the kids and even in my life, you know, my college age kids live in California.
I went to UCLA.
I went to UC Berkeley.
I went to Santa Barbara.
I mean, like this is my school, all my kids and their friends go to these schools.
And it was so shocking.
to see California pushing these mandates, even long after so many university systems had dispensed with them, not California.
And the schools all acted a little bit different.
They were able to make those decisions, the mandate decisions independently of the other UC schools to some degree.
Anyway, shocking.

[SPEAKER_07]
We have our next guest at the airport.
She just landed, and I want to bring her on and have her join the conversation.
This is Danielle Runyon.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Great to see you again.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hi, everybody.
Hi, Lisa.
I'm sure there's some very loud noise that's going to happen as we're on here.
So just be prepared.
Thank you so much for coming.
Yeah, of course.
I'm sorry I'm a little bit late.
But that's the way travel goes these days.

[SPEAKER_07]
Exactly.
Well, I want to read your bio before I have you join the conversation.
Danielle serves as Senior Counsel for First Liberty Institute in the Military Affairs Practice Group and is an officer in the Air Force Reserve, considered a subject matter expert on religious liberty issues affecting military members.
Danielle testified before Congress in 2023, writes opinion articles featured by various major media outlets, and frequently appears on television, radio and podcasts.
She is part of a team that presently represents over 4,000 Navy service members in the first-ever class action lawsuit filed against the United States Navy and the Department of Defense over the DoD's COVID-19 vaccine mandate.
She is also a co-founder of Airline Employees for Health Freedom, an organization comprised of thousands of Airline employees, including those fighting against United Airlines, discriminatory and retaliatory
COVID-19 vaccine mandate in a major class action lawsuit defending their rights to religious and medical freedom.
And I am looking forward to hearing updates.
I know you, I think you've won or are winning a major case with the Navy SEALs and with the Navy.
And I saw the headline on the United Airlines.
So I'm definitely want to hear your take on, on these potential or actual victories.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
Both victories.
Fantastic.
Tell us about Navy SEALs first.
That's the Fifth Circuit?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yep, so we're in the Fifth Circuit, Northern District of Texas.
So just last week, we had a fairness hearing.
Fairness hearing is held when you have a class and when there's a settlement involved.
So all 4,300, over 4,300 Navy service members were put on notice that we had entered into a proposed settlement agreement with the Navy.
Everybody was allowed to be heard, objections could be filed.
And then we had the hearing last week and the judge on the spot determined after hearing everything that it was a fair settlement and it really does provide substantive relief.
It's frankly the only case out of the over 47 federal court cases that were filed that obtained substantive relief for the service members because as we all know Congress directed the Secretary of Defense to withdraw the vaccine mandate and by doing that a lot of the case
then became moot, but ours wasn't.
So the substantive relief that we obtained was that their careers can be protected going forward.
For example, at the next three boards for promotions, there's going to be information provided to those boards.
They can't consider any adverse information related to COVID-19 and for people who asked for a religious accommodation.
Nothing can be considered that was any adverse action that was taken against them.
These people can also submit their own information to the board to let them know, you know, sometimes it's not exactly overt the adverse information that maybe was included in some of these individuals fitness reports.
So they're going to have an opportunity to explain to these boards.
Let's just say somebody was a pilot.
Well, I'm a pilot, but I wasn't performing pilot duties.
Why was that?
Because that's going to look really odd to a promotion board.
So that is significant.
Also, people who were discharged from the military, who are part of our class, and then they were discharged from the service,
They have DD 214s that perhaps have misconduct on there as part of their discharge.
That's now going to be removed and people are going to be able to apply to rejoin the Navy if they want.
So those are just a few of the substantive provisions that are included in our settlement agreement.
If people also feel that they have additional harm that they suffered.
So if they feel that they're entitled to back pay other damages, if perhaps they want to seek reinstatement, certainly they need to go consult with an attorney.
But it was made very clear in court that those claims are not precluded by virtue of our settlement.

[SPEAKER_03]
So my first question is going forward or in the future, say we have a bird flu pandemic, does this decision help at all to prevent the same types of denials of religious accommodations in the next pandemic?
Like what kind of precedent does it set for us in a good way?

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, I think first of all, the settlement agreement, it sends a clear message that there was not a victory here by the Navy.
In addition to that, the case law precedent that we already established over the course of the case.
So we had injunctive relief at the very beginning, the injunctive relief, there was a very strong opinion that the judge in our case issued.
He very clearly laid out that the religious accommodation process was theater.
It was a sham process, and we had evidence that it was a sham process.
Going from there, we had other decisions in the case that are very strong on a substantive basis.
So people are going to be able to look back at that case law and use that to their advantage if they feel that they're being discriminated against should another band date occur.
And the discrimination results from the fact that they filed a religious accommodation request.

[SPEAKER_08]
Lisa, can I ask a question?

[SPEAKER_00]
Please.

[SPEAKER_03]
Let me open it up to you all.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
All right.
Hey, Danielle, so great to see you and absolutely congratulations.
I actually tried to call you earlier this week to congratulate you.
I called you back, Lauren.

[SPEAKER_00]
You didn't get back to me.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm sorry.
It's on me.
I've been in depositions and mediation and everything.

[SPEAKER_00]
No worries.
As you can see, I'm traveling.

[SPEAKER_08]
Anyway, well, we'll catch up on BSRF.
It's great.
But I want to just clarify a couple things.
It seemed to me like they didn't offer a single person a religious exemption.
Is that a true statement?

[SPEAKER_00]
Oh, yes.
That's a true statement.
And in fact, part of the reason why our case was deemed not moot was because we had some factual statements in our complaint that talked about the fact that for the past seven years preceding the mandate, there were no religious accommodation requests that were granted.

[SPEAKER_08]
So we have seven years of the Navy not giving one religious exemption to any member.
Oh, my God.
That's right.
The other thing that I'm very curious about, and I know that we have a lot of other issues with your class.
And one of the ones that I think I heard you mention is the back pay issue that we still have some outstanding things that people want to get compensated for back pay, correct?

[SPEAKER_00]
That's my understanding.
I mean, of course, the damages here, the harm that was inflicted on people was tremendous.
And through our case, we had a very strategic, not to sound like we're a group of Navy SEALs, but we started out with 35 Navy SEALs.
And in true Navy SEAL fashion, we had a very strategic mission from the beginning, which was we're going to keep people in their jobs and in their careers.
That was how we started the case, and that's how we left the case.
And like I said, it was very clear that if people have
individual claims that they want to pursue, they certainly can go ahead and pursue those.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, well, thank you so much.
And I think it's important for people to realize sometimes we do take these cases on in a strategic manner.
We're not bringing every claim that we could bring.
We bring something we want to fight about.
We want to make a point where we want to make the case law.
So I am just, I can't thank you enough for all the work.
that you've done there.

[SPEAKER_00]
One other thing I want to raise about that point, just because people don't know, now we put a lot of information out on our channels, on our website, NavyVacSettlement.com.
We did a video and then we also have written material so people can understand from front to back what our case is about.
But kind of what you're talking about, Werner, along with that, there's two doctrines, sovereign immunity and qualified immunity.
They're very, very difficult to get past.
If you want to pursue people on an individualized basis, a lot of people talk about holding people accountable.
These are things that we absolutely do not disagree with.
I mean, people should be absolutely held accountable.
People should be able to pursue monetary relief.
But that's just not something that was within the strategic plan of what we were doing in this case.
And certainly, I hope that people use their congressional tools
to talk to Congress about those that need to be held accountable for the actions that they took against people.

[SPEAKER_08]
And Danielle, I want to invite you to come on Freedom Council.
We've got to have a discussion among the attorneys.
We're up to about 250 attorneys because we'd like to make sure everybody's aware of what they can do to help forward the rights of the members of the military.
And one thing that I'm very concerned about right now
I'm working with some nurses who are under flu shot mandates that they don't want to take for very clear reasons.
And in fact, the one nurse just got disciplined because she wouldn't take the 2022 vaccine.
And she had asked for an exemption and it went on and on.
And they finally determined she had to take it in March of 2024.
It's not even a valid, it's not even the current quote unquote vaccine and yet she gets disciplined for it.
So we're fighting that right now.
But I'm just astounded at the dumb behavior by our military.
And one other thing, my understanding is some of the commanders who are in charge of this program have been promoted because of their work pushing the narrative.
Is that true?

[SPEAKER_00]
I have to say, I have not kept up with where the individual commanders have gone throughout this process.
In fact, I know that the ones that we were dealing with in the Navy, some of them retired.
In fact, one of them that we deposed, his name is escaping me at the moment, Admiral Lesher, he had left the Navy.
So a lot of these people have moved on, but Congress has a way to bring people back to answer questions and be held accountable for the things that they did
during their time in service.
So.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, thank you so much.
And congratulations.
Wow.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
I see Steve on here.
Hey, Steve.

[SPEAKER_03]
I know Steve.
Hey, Steve.
Yay.
Thanks for joining us.
Libby, do you want to info Steve?
He's a man who doesn't need an introduction.

[SPEAKER_07]
I just figured everybody knows who Steve Kirsch is, so I just dropped him right into the conversation.
Welcome, Steve.
Great to see you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Should we have Danielle tell us?
Yeah, it's great.
So should we have Danielle tell us all about the United Airlines case before she has to run off down the sort of runway there?
So Danielle, the Fifth Circuit case, I know you were involved through Airline Employees for Health Freedom, a 501c3 nonprofit that you helped co-found along with Sherry Walker and a third United Captain whose name escapes me.
Yes.
Laura Cox.
Thank you.
Tell us what transpired.
I think was it earlier this week?

[SPEAKER_00]
It was actually June 21st, so finally after two years, over two years of litigating that case, finally there was a class certified, those who were placed on unpaid leave.
the customer facing people.
So that largely involves your pilots and your flight attendants.
It's a class right now of 2,211 to be exact.
And now we are appealing and so is United, appealing that decision.
We think that the relief should be granted more broadly.
Obviously United thinks that it should be more narrowly applied.
And actually just today, the fifth circuit said that we can go ahead and appeal those, the ruling.
And now we're just waiting for a briefing schedule.
So more to follow on that.

[SPEAKER_03]
So again, this involves United Airlines employees who were
denied religious exemptions or granted them, but then retaliated against, had to wear masks that they were treated completely differently from vaccinated employees.
There were a whole bunch of horrible draconian things that CEO Scott Kirby did to sort of punish those who tried to get or did get a religious exemption.
Is that true?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, so everybody had to go through this, very similar to what every mandate was.
It was coercive, it was punitive, the entire process was ridiculous that people had to go through.
It was designed to be intimidating so that people would give up and they would just do the thing that they didn't want to do.
But for those who stood firm in their faith and also their medical freedoms, because this case involves those who have ADA claims, I think the total amount of people is over 5,000.
between medical and those with Title VII claims.
So everybody was placed on unpaid leave except there was a subset of people who were non-customer-facing, who were allowed to return to work under masking and testing.
However, that masking and testing was not just your standard paper masks and tests.
We had people who, it was under respirators.
These people weren't told how to use those respirators.
I think there was one instance in Virginia that United was fined
because of the fact that they did not properly advise people on how to use these respirators.
We have people who came to us and said that they had to be taken away in an ambulance because they were injured on the job.
We had a maintenance individual who passed out.
These people are doing work outside, right?
Why are they wearing respirators?
Fell down, facedown on a belt loader and passed out.
So these are things that were happening to people that were totally unnecessary, totally ridiculous.
Those are the people who were fighting for on this appeal to remain in the class that we think
should be certified.
So we'll see what happens there.
But yeah, everybody was placed on unpaid leave.
And the only reason they were brought back is because we went ahead and everybody filed a lawsuit against United.
And United had no choice when the writing was on the wall, but to bring these people back.
So everybody was on unpaid leave for about four and a half months.
But prior to that, there was no end in sight.
Nobody knew how long they would be out without pay.
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
Incredible.
Well, I'm glad.
So what's the future of this case then?
What's next?
So your class was certified and now there's like a billion dollars at stake basically in potential damages.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that's the other significant part of this case is that Judge Pittman ruled that not only could we
achieve monetary damages, which is significant.
He determined that there's a mathematical way that this can be figured out.
He also said that punitive damages can be achieved in this case.
And that is tremendous.
So we'll see what happens.
But if you look at, if we especially have all of the people, over 5,000 who are part of the class, I mean, this could well exceed a billion dollars in terms of damages that United could be facing.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow, congratulations.

[SPEAKER_09]
Safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, very.

[SPEAKER_09]
See, I thought United just changed their minds because they wanted to do the right thing.
They were convinced after my people.
But it seems like that never happens, does it?

[SPEAKER_00]
Not this day and age.

[SPEAKER_03]
No.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's so sad.

[SPEAKER_03]
I read that Scott Kirby, he wanted to sort of market the fact that this airline would be the first to have to institute a mandate and to have 100% vaccine compliance.
Yes.
It was a whole marketing strategy.
It was.
Right?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
And he was advertising it.
So we have pictures.
I think it was at the Chicago airport where
The overpass has a giant advertisement, 100% vaccinated.
And we're sitting there saying, no, no, you're not.
Right.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
False advertising.
Maybe you can get them on false advertising.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, you never know.
Maybe if people were under the false pretense of buying a ticket, but I don't really see if that's thinking they were getting those safe vaccinated pilots.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's right.
It's crazy.
Well, thank you so much for really going way out of your way to make sure that we could get an update.
And of course, fantastic.
So I don't know if you want to scoot on or you want to stay.
I mean, we'll have questions.
I'd like to go back some more and talk about the UC region's case because there's so much there.
And as Warner said, we haven't really
You know, I think there's a lot to talk about, and I don't know if Chris, you have more to add.
kind of jumping around.
I would love to also hear, Steve, how you're doing.
And so, yeah.
So Danielle, do you want to stay?
And are you comfortable?
You can stay on.

[SPEAKER_00]
I would love to stay.
I do have to grab my bag.
DFW is notorious for bags.
I actually don't even know if my bag is out yet.
So I am going to have to grab it so they don't go and bring it somewhere else.
But thank you very much for having me on.
And please consider me for the next time.
I'd love to be able to answer questions.
You bet.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you so much, Danielle.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right, thank you.
Have a good night.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great work.
Bye-bye.
Bye.

[SPEAKER_09]
So I wanted to say hi to everybody.
We all know each other.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yay, I see.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hello.

[SPEAKER_03]
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm doing OK.
You know, if I could figure out how to get rid of the blood underneath my RPE and underneath my retinal be in really good shape, but I got a couple of things I can try.
So, Warner, I just wanted to say that the flu vaccines do not work.
Nobody should be taking the flu vaccines.
There was a study, I was just on a call with
Kim Iverson, I'll be on the Kim Iverson show.
And she was saying that there was a study that was done way back on the flu vaccine.
And Mel, maybe it was, sorry, maybe it was someone else that told me this.
I think maybe it was, I was on a call with somebody who basically said they actually did a study of the effectiveness of the flu vaccine on mortality and they found it was 4%.

[SPEAKER_03]
In his own paper in cell biology It's like they've they hide the data

[SPEAKER_09]
Like we need data transparency for all of these vaccines and they hide the data worldwide forever.
They have never publicly revealed any of this record level data that's required to do these mortality calculations.
And there's a reason for that.
These vaccines do not work.

[SPEAKER_08]
Or even worse, they kill people.
Yeah, I think so.
I think that's true.
And this whole thing with the employers, I mean, this whole push is to open up the adult population to regular vaccination.
They got the kids opened up, the kids' population through the parents and the schools.
And now they want to open it up to the adults, a huge profit center there.
And that book, Turtles All the Way Down, is a pretty good introduction to what's happening out there with the research.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
The bottom line is anytime there's no data transparency, a public health data, you should be very suspicious about all these claims because, look, if the vaccines worked the way they claimed it, they work.
There would be a success anecdote.
There's no success anecdote, because if there was, they'd be broadcasting at 24 by 7, and there's no success anecdote.
The second thing is that if they really worked, all the vaccine manufacturers would be running advertisements saying, we need data transparency in all the countries so we can prove to you
that our vaccine works with the record level data.
And as you see, there's none of that.
Nobody wants the data transparency.
The medical community doesn't want it.
The vaccine makers don't want it.
And Congress doesn't want transparency.

[SPEAKER_03]
So what's that to tell you?

[SPEAKER_08]
I have some good news for you, Steve.
Catherine Hughes, who's co-founder of Freedom Council, is represented by one of the attorneys here in the office as well in a data lawsuit against the state of Ohio.
They have been taking depositions of the Ohio Department of Health this week down in Columbus.
Because it was filed as a mandamus, we went directly to the Ohio Supreme Court.
So the trial in a couple of weeks is gonna be at the Ohio Supreme Court.
I don't know exactly how they're gonna set it up.
I have never had that happen to me, but Tom got this thing maneuvered and he is headed toward a combat with the Ohio Department of Health.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, if he could, if he could ask them why they think hiding the public health data from the public creates better health outcomes, I would love to know the answer to that question.

[SPEAKER_03]
Because the pharmaceutical industry, the medical establishment is studying, they're looking at it.
It's their private data.
It's their data.
They use it for their chronic disease business.
Pfizer bought a cancer drug company, Moderna bought a heart medicine company.
They're looking at the data and they're figuring out what is the next business to buy or medicine to make to treat the diseases they created.
And the data's all?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, but that's, but Lisa, that's not a reason that the public health, this, no, this is the public's data.
There is no reason that the public's data cannot be disclosed to the public.
And by the way, if the public health data is disclosed to the drug companies, then isn't it funny how the drug companies aren't disclosing that data then to the public to show that their vaccines work and don't cause any excess deaths?
It's just stunning how we have zero data transparency, and we're told to trust us, but we're not going to show you any of the data.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, Steve, do you talk about the flu vaccine?
There was a study in Analsim Internal Medicine in 2020 from the NHS, and they looked at something like 170 million episodes of care, and it was mostly elderly patients.
And they found that there was no evidence that the flu vaccines reduced mortality.
In fact, they said something like the estimates were precise enough to rule out results from many previous studies.
In other words, this was so powerful in terms of numbers that this could eliminate any claim that the flu vaccines were effective from other studies.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, well, this is awesome because I'm about to publish a paper.
In fact, I was just about to read through it and we're going to put it on the preprint server.
I would love to get that reference from you.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'll text it to you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
And you've got, you got my cell phone texted to me.
I'll hold off publishing that.
I want to incorporate that.
That's, that's a wonderful reference because that's exactly what this, um, my papers is basically showing that there's a paper published in JAMA that compared the, um, people hospitalized for COVID and people hospitalized for the flu.
And the vaccination breakdown in both cohorts was exactly the same, which means that neither vaccine worked.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's like, and now you have this other study that confirms that there isn't some confounder that caused this result and it's a real result.
And so people need to take this seriously.
Basically, the COVID vaccines do have no benefit whatsoever.
They don't have a hospitalization benefit.
And without a hospitalization benefit, there's no mortality benefit.
These things were nothing but downsides.
Send me that link.
I want that link that is super valuable.
I'll do that.
And I wonder if you can get them to answer my question like, why is the, I don't get it.
How are public health outcomes improved by hiding the public health data from the public?
That's what I want to know the answer to.
Nobody will answer that question for me.
So if you can get them, you know, under oath answering that question, I'm like, I really want to know.
I'm really curious.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I'm going to send you the depositions that we take.
We'll order them and you'll get copies so you can see what we're trying to do.
You know, this is one of the first cases, I think, that's really going after the data and going to get them on record as to why they're hiding it from us and what their reasons are.
Regents as well.
I mean, the region's case is a tremendous data problem to deal with.
I mean, we're going to be overwhelmed with data.
Chris is raising funds to help deal with the discovery.
Data discovery is not cheap, folks.
I just want you to know that because
You've got to have programmers, you've got to have data analysts, you've got to have, I mean, I don't know, we've got a number of experts that we're working with.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'll do it for free, Warner.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you, Steve.
Yeah, me in touch.

[SPEAKER_09]
I love I love data, especially when it's when it's when it shows where you what's really what's going on.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is going to be good data.
This is a good data system.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Awesome.
Yeah.
So but in Ohio, though, if you can get them to explain the reason they're not publishing it and also why they're not publishing it now now that they've been asked, like, is there is there some reason why you don't publish it tomorrow?

[SPEAKER_08]
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'd love to see how they answer that one.

[SPEAKER_08]
The thing about Ohio, which is unique, is pre-pandemic, all this data was public.
You could just get on the website and get the data downloaded, basically.

[SPEAKER_09]
There's been some paper that was published in the peer-reviewed literature that said that that was a bad idea.
So maybe they can point to that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, wanna briefly, wanna talk about this next phase we're in.
First of all, we're really excited.
We finally made it to discovery.
So this is great because we're gonna get to look at the evidence that they know that shows the COVID shots are not effective.
Not only are they not effective, they lead to more COVID infections, more COVID deaths, more COVID hospitalizations, more myocarditis, heart attacks, strokes, neurodegenerative diseases, all these things.
Their own data are gonna show this.
And their emails, I'm pretty sure, are going to show, hey, shoot, we can't let this information out.
Our funding is dependent upon this.
And so I think we're going to get big.
Wow.
You have those in emails?
Well, this is what I'm assuming because of how dumb these people are, that they've shared these things in emails, maybe text messages.
This is how arrogant and stupid that they are.
you know so I don't have that I'm just saying I I don't know that for a fact but I'm looking I'm looking forward to it yeah so when you guys get to discover anonymized

[SPEAKER_03]
record-level data in the Epic system through Discovery.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is what's so exciting.
Yeah.
We're going to kind of almost do our own publishing using their data to show what they should have known, what they did know.
I'm sure they knew.
Like I said before, this is one of the largest academic institutions in the country.
It's the largest hospital-based, university-based hospital system in the state of California.
they should have been looking
Show how effective and safe these vaccines are.
I'm sure somebody did that and they found out We don't want to know that it's like they don't want their Yeah, they just assume hey, they're told safe and effective why bother to look at the data everybody knows vaccines are super safe

[SPEAKER_03]
It was a phase 3-4 clinical trial with these shots.
I think everyone was really curious to know what would happen.
They didn't want us to know, but don't you think that they were looking closely at all big databases to see what happened and to figure out?

[SPEAKER_09]
Lisa, what they do is they will go and they'll do a comparison with the unvaccinated versus the vaccinated.
And they'll say, oh, my gosh, the vaccinated are dying at half the rate of as the unvaccinated.
And if the case case is closed, they won't do any of the extra analysis.
They won't compare the vaccine brands.
They'll just say, hey, look, the vaccinated people are dying at a fraction of the rate of the unvaccinated.

[SPEAKER_04]
This happens.

[SPEAKER_09]
vaccinated or dying at half the rate.
It's a selection bias.
It has nothing to do with the vaccine.
Once you say that I'm going to get vaccinated, just by raising your hand saying I want to be vaccinated, that means you're in a higher socioeconomic group.
That means you take better care of your body.
That means everything.
And so you self-segment out.
And so these people who self-segment out, they have half the mortality.
They don't even have to get the shot.
Right?
And there are studies.
There was a study that was published in vaccines.
There was originally published on the CDC website, but it was published in vaccines.
If you go to my sub-stack and you search for fountain of youth, it will lead you to that study.
And the study shows like a four times mortality decrease if you got the COVID shot.
And these are in young people.
Young people don't die from diseases.
They die from accidents.
So it's like saying, ah, you know, someone could, you know, shoot a bullet in your head.
You're not going to die.
It's like people, people who take vaccines cannot die.
And so there's this.
There's this bias.
And people don't account for it properly.
And this is why the check data was so important because we can now compare vaccine A versus vaccine B because there's no difference between two people who decide to get the vaccine other than the brand of vaccine that they get.
And the result is quite stunning.
It's a huge signal.
It's a huge safety signal.
And nobody ever looked at it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, can I share our donation link?
Yeah.
Yeah, so this case is going to cost us at least a million dollars, if not more.
This part of the case, the discovery phase, we're thinking probably $200,000 or more.
So the link is www.givesendgo.com forward slash Nuremberg now.
And so if anyone in the audience is listening and they believe that they should make decisions about their medical health and not their employer,
please donate generously.
This is a fight that I took up personally.
I looked at losing my career.
I essentially gave up my career in medicine, which I'd always wanted to be a physician ever since I was five years old because this was so unethical, what was happening.
And I just could not be part of it.
And so I'm asking you person to person if you can
support us just to do this fight to protect the 220,000 UC employees.
But I think it's going to go more than that.
I think it's going to protect all California state employees, think teachers, firefighters, policemen.
And I think even more than that, this thing has an explosive potential and could become public and protect all of the United States government employees and beyond.

[SPEAKER_07]
Janet, you'll put that in the chat so that everybody can see.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, again, it's givesendgo.com forward slash Nuremberg now.
Make sure you spell Nuremberg correctly.
I did it wrong one time.

[SPEAKER_09]
Is there monetary damage in your case?
I mean, what kind of damages can you get in the case?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, there are potentially tremendous damages.
And there is one segment of the case that did not give pass motion to dismiss that we're going to do a writ of mandate for.
And that involves the Nuremberg principles that are enshrined in the California Code.
If we can get that piece back in, that piece alone is worth at minimum $110 million to the UC employees.
I'm talking about 500 ahead for the privacy violations, but the maximum on that is $20,000, and you're quick at math.
So you can see how big that can get as well.
You're talking a couple of billion dollars.
So these big institutions need to be taught a lesson.
I know we talked this money, and nobody's seen any money yet.
We've all lost money so far.
But to hear Danielle Runyon talk about a billion dollars, we need to hold them accountable.
These institutions need to feel some pain as to what's happened.
And I'll tell you what else is going to happen in the discovery, which we saw in our Ohio cases.
You know, we sued five Ohio universities in the consortium.
And we found out very quickly, they referred to themselves as the cabal.
And I thought, how fitting that was in their emails so we can use their own language against them.
And then the other thing that we saw, they were scheming to get the students away from their parents to get them vaccinated.
literally like child molesters.
Let's get them away from the parents because when they go home, the parents are going to influence them to not take the shot.
And this is in the emails.
The same thing is going to happen, I predicted.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is what I'm saying.
They're stupid.
They say these things in emails.

[SPEAKER_08]
They're living in a world of no accountability, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, they live in a world of no accountability.

[SPEAKER_03]
Speaking of the children, what about this Vermont case that was decided a few days ago where a kid was vaccinated at school?
And he said, no, my dad said, no, no, I'm not supposed to get that.
And they basically forced COVID vaccinated him.
And the Vermont Supreme Court just ruled that the PREP Act protects the school from anybody.

[SPEAKER_08]
Let me come back at you on that case a little bit because I did read I did read the case.
It's a little different than what's been presented in social media.
And what it is is this is the child was mislabeled.
He was labeled with a label of a child that was supposed to get the shot.
They gave, they gave him, I think it's a boy, they gave him a shot and then they realized their mistake and the school actually contacted the parents.
So I disagree completely with the ruling.
It should be a battery at least, you know, this is negligence and it should not be covered by the prep act because he should never have been in line to get the shot and somebody should have listened to this poor child.
You know, it was essentially a mistake by the school in terms of how they were handling the kids.
And it wasn't a purposeful thing.
What they said is...
that the kid has apparently got, hopefully, no health effects and no harm, and that they did say that the PREP Act covers the liability there.
So look, we need to fight back about, this is the first thought across the bow.
We'll be shooting back at them on these issues.
We got to get this PREP Act found unconstitutional and open up a liability all around.
I will tell you, I know this is not the only child who was injected.
And I will tell you that there are some cases out there right now where it was done purposefully, not mistakenly.
And I think that raises the concern to a whole other level.
So more of these cases are coming down the pike, Lisa.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm going to drop off.
I'll see you guys later.
It's so nice to see you, Steve.
Get the data.
Get the data, you guys.
Get the data.
I'll analyze it for free.
Thank you.
Get the data.
Steve, thank you for joining us.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's so great to see you.
Good to see you.

[SPEAKER_07]
Bye-bye.
I got to make a couple of adjustments here to my screen.
I wanted to get your guys' take on something here.
And you know, VSRF is a 501C3.
We don't politically endorse or renounce any organization.
However, I came across a job opening for the Harris for President campaign.
And in there,
In their job description, if you scroll down right here, it says, Harris for president requires all employees to be up to date on COVID-19 vaccination status as prescribed by the CDC.
I like the use of the word as prescribed by the CDC as a condition of employment unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law.
If you seek a reasonable accommodation in relation to the campaign's COVID-19 policy, you should speak to the HR department prior to reporting to an office location.
This is current.
They're still requiring it.
Legally, is there anything, and I'm using this just as an example, if you come across another employer who's doing this, what legal recourse do we have?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, I mean, for one, they're barring then.
Are they barring people who have won a religious exemption to the shot from being considered for employment?
I mean, that's discrimination right off the bat.
Are they barring someone who has a medical condition and can't take the shot from employment?
That's discrimination right off the bat.
So the Harris campaign is proving itself that it's a bigoted campaign and is discriminating against people who have religious beliefs or medical disabilities.
Right off the bat, they're showing their colors.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, it does say, if you have, it seems to suggest that you may have an accommodation that you want to claim.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right, so if you seek a reasonable accommodation.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm sorry I didn't read down lower there.
I do see the reasonable accommodation language.
But I mean, it's so ridiculous.
And these are younger people generally who are working on these campaigns, who we all know are at no risk at all for COVID.

[SPEAKER_07]
And the thread that I found this on, somebody did question this.
The next three comments were like, who cares?
You should be like what Lisa was saying earlier, there's a prejudice towards having to get the vaccines.
But this also leads me to think if they win the White House, what kind of policies then the new and new old administration would have going forward with like, let's say bird flu.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
It seems like virtue.

[SPEAKER_10]
They have the same, they have the same policies that exist in the Biden administration right now.
they're all unconstitutional and i think it's just taking time because they control the media and they control a lot of minds but people are waking up they know the truth is going to come out and even if it's not a hundred percent it's not eighty percent it's not sixty percent but just the number of percentage of people that doubt the legitimacy in the end all of these things will have to come down
We're hoping that they could control us through this misinformation and through mandates.
But in the end, the truth is going to bear out.
And it's going to do more damage to the administrations and the programs than it will to the people.
The people are standing up.
It's just that right now at this moment, we're still not seeing it in our relationships in some of our cases.
But I can see it.
I can see it happen.
a lot more with the winning and that can only come about because courts are waiting up.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.

[SPEAKER_03]
I don't know if I was absolutely.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
So comes back to us thanking you all for what you're doing and like Chris sacrificing really your career for this higher value.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
It takes a lot of sacrifice to make a move, to make movements.

[SPEAKER_05]
We all are, but we're having tremendous wins.
You know, I, I'm keeping track of the wins and it's unbelievable.
It's getting very difficult to do that.
And, and, uh, I disagree with Trump strongly.
He said, you know, you're going to win so much.
You're going to get sick of winning.
I'm not sick of winning.
Uh, we still have a lot of winning left to do.
And, and, and our case is, I think it's going to win and win big.
It's going to set a precedent for,
for employers across the country, especially in California.

[SPEAKER_03]
So that's the big question that everyone wants to know.
Like if these wins will help us as we start, we're hearing more and more about the bird flu, you know, bird flu vaccines being approved and purchased under an EUA.
And so what will happen as we face this whole thing, you know, version two?

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, one of the areas that I think we have not made enough progress on is for the people who've been injured by the COVID shot.
And that is, you know, we do have a lawsuit here in Ohio that we're pursuing on that.
And I know Aaron Siri has some challenges to be able to recover for the people who have been injured.
But we're going to have to, as a society, because there's so many millions that are injured, and they're really, really hurting.
And I think, as a society, we really need to now confront the damage that was done and make sure that we have recoveries for these people.
The CICP court has only awarded, what is it, 43 awards and the average of $3,000 each.
And we have millions of injured showing up in bears.
This is ridiculousness.
It's completely ridiculous the processes that the federal government has set up to take care of the quote unquote vaccine injured.
And so we need to be able to recover through workers comp systems.
We need to we and we're really I think we're ultimately we're going to need a national.
of vaccine injury, and we need to be fair about how people are taken care of.
And they need to be researched, and we need research centers right now that will study what are the best processes and mechanisms.
I know, you know, Angela Wolbrecht, who's on our lawsuit as well, is with you guys at VSRF.
You know, she's doing, you know, marvelous work out there, but she's been very clear with me about how complicated it is
how difficult it is to recover, and she managed to bring herself back in marvelous ways.
But every day it's a battle for her and the people who are vaccine injured.
And they're losing their families.
They're losing their houses.
And they're being shunned.
And they're being gaslighted.
And that's just on and on.
And I personally, and Freedom Council as well, I mean, we are really, really trying to make a way
so the vaccine injured can get more attention and get some more recovery.
So that's, I don't want, you know, we're celebrating Wednesday night.
I'm so happy we're winning all of these appeals.
Though we have huge categories of people in the vaccine injurer primary one that we've got to have a lot more victories and the military are another one.
We need a lot more victories to get them
other damages back.
So I see some categories that I hope in six months or a year I'm coming back here saying, hey, we got Category B here, vaccine injured, we're starting to win, we're starting to make progress.
So I'm praying that that's where we end up going with this.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_10]
How about lifting the Liability Shield on the many for all vaccines?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, Jeremy?

[SPEAKER_10]
That should be number one vaccines because I mean, through the theories that we're presenting in Brooke Jackson's case, there should be no liability.
These vaccines were secured through
and you're not allowed to have any immunity from liability when you commit this kind of fraud.
But as more people wake up and realize that this was an entire scam, that the pharmaceutical companies were able to even get in a liability shield, it's a special little protection that they got.
And once we can get control over the
election system and actually have honest elections, we will have politicians that won't stand for that.
And once those companies are liable, we'll get safe vaccines or we'll get damages levied against the manufacturers who are responsible.

[SPEAKER_08]
I'm glad Jeremy brought up the Brook Jackson case, and I wanted to get to that before the end of this talk, because what's happening in the Brook Jackson case is astounding in so many ways.
First of all, the fact that she was brave enough to stand up and fight Pfizer
and go right at them at the heart of where they live in the fraudulent beating heart of Pfizer.
She took them on.
And the case was filed, you know, we forget how long ago this was filed.
But it's been sitting in the court for several years now.
And we fought through motions to dismiss last year.
We're fighting through them again this year.
But something new did happen this year.
This spring, the federal government came in and it said that Ms. Brooke Jackson,
Your case is contrary to the public health policy of the United States, which leaves me dumbfounded.
Because what's the public health policy in the United States?
She's alleging that they lied in the criminal trial and people died.
And that that's actually the public health policy United States that cannot be.
But that's what they said.
And they're trying to intervene.
And we had an argument in Beaumont, Texas in May.
Bob Barnes was down there with Jeremy and I and we all got, the judge was gracious enough to give us all a minute to argue, many minutes in fact.
So I, Bob, and Jeremy all had a chance to stand at that podium and make our points.
and he still hasn't ruled on that argument so we don't know what's coming down now but we are praying that he reject the federal government's motion to intervene because they want to intervene to dismiss the case so that it will not proceed to discovery.
They are very fearful about discovery and we've been very clear in that case.
This is a DOD project and it was a rip off of the American taxpayer and we want to recover all the money and all the fines that we can make Pfizer pay and bankrupt that company.
That's really our goal.
So so Warner if if false claims that case is brought on behalf of the government Right the people the wrong occurred against the government glad you said the people because we always forget The government forgets it they think they're representing the agency they think their client the FDA Know their client or the sovereign people the United States they gotta get their head and they forget it all the time

[SPEAKER_07]
Right on.

[SPEAKER_08]
The sovereign taxpayers of the United States, they get the best cases.

[SPEAKER_07]
So I've got a few questions.
I want to try to maybe get one to each of you because we're running a little long tonight, but it's a fabulous conversation.
So I'm going to jump into a few audience questions.
This is addressed to Warner, but I'm sure it could be addressed to anyone in the room here from go tell it on a mountain.
How can the Constitution be used against mandates?
The First Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, I've been told that freedom or religion includes freedom of conscience.
Is that true?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, it is.
And that's exactly what we're doing.
That's the good news tonight.
Our Constitution is holding up.
It's saving us.
Your beliefs, your moral values are actually saving the nation and helping to restore the Constitution through litigation that all of these attorneys are pursuing.
So thank you all out there in the audience for listening to us and for holding those moral values strong and dear.

[SPEAKER_07]
question.
And let's do anyone else want to respond?
Christopher or Jeremy?

[SPEAKER_05]
I just want to say something not related to that.
Thank you to your audience.
You have a great audience.
We just got our first two donations.
And I just gave her gave $100.
Kat W. Thank you, Kat.
You gave $100.
I'm not turning this into a telethon.
But I do, you know, I do thank you from the bottom of my heart that it's going to take all of us to get through this.
And I'd rather have
100,000 people or 200,000 people give $1, then one person give a $200,000 check because it will say more.
So if you can only give $1, you can only give $5 or $10, please give whatever you can.
Put your dollar bill in, put your chips in and say, look, this is worth the fight to stand up for all of our freedom.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_08]
Thank you.
And give a dollar to VSRF too.

[SPEAKER_07]
And Freedom Count.
Three dollars.
Three dollars.
All right, I got a question for Jeremy.
Again, it's probably open to the room.
From GMC 70, many Vax mandate cases in New York were won in courts well over a year ago.
However, most were appealed by the state and have been in limbo ever since.
How are these appeals allowed to drag on for so long?

[SPEAKER_10]
I think a lot of the ills get dismissed on mootness, because originally when people sued, they sued for junk to relief, and then the state withdrew of mandates.
And I think that it was hard for courts, especially early on, to want to rule against the mandates.
I just think that times are changing, and more and more of these courts of appeals are coming out.
So the thing to do is to continue to prep and keep our eyes.
I come out next and really think that they're going to get away with a lot less just by virtue of the fact of the discussion that we're having here.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, got to keep having the conversation everywhere.
Question, if I can say this to the room, from be good, do good, what is the probability that they will destroy evidence or falsify the data as well as create more roadblocks to cover up the truth?

[SPEAKER_05]
I can talk about the medical data.
That would be very difficult to do to go in and change aggregate data like that.
Obviously, illegal.
You can't mess with patient records.
And I'm sure the same is true of the emails and that sort of thing.

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, and let me address that from a legal standpoint.
It's actually a tort to destroy data.
It's called spoliation of evidence.
And that means we get all the inferences toward our case to our benefit in the court of law if they've spoliated the evidence.
And we have seen it happen.
It happens.
But we see that it's happened in the audit files.
It's a very obvious thing when they take a chunk of data and destroy it.
And like I said, that actually goes in favor of the plaintiffs in court.
So it gets handled.
We'll handle that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Didn't that sort of happen with the DMED data, Defense Medical?

[SPEAKER_08]
Honestly, I watched the debate in the discussion around DMED.
I cannot sit here tonight and say I know what happened with DMED.
I think there's a lot.
The military has data.
They had claimed that they had replaced a server or whatever at some point.
I think that needs to be looked into very deeply.
That's a great project for our Congress to get on as soon as they can.
And I appreciate Teresa Long and some of the others who
who brought that forward.
And Teresa Long, in particular, has said, look, what we saw in the DMED database at the time that she was looking at it is validated by what I see on the ground with the soldiers and the military forces that I'm in charge of.
So she was seeing the strangest cancers, the strangest miscarriages that she'd ever seen.
So her story is,
is one of the foundational stories of that DMED data.
And I really, she needs to be encouraged in every way to proceed on that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_10]
I think with some of the defense data, they were backfilling in false data.
So that when you compared it to opposed to pre-vax, it didn't show up.
And we know that the CDC has, and the people who are in control are theirs,
they've been manipulating the data.
And it's being tracked by all the people as well as it can be through Twitter or X and other watchdog groups.
And I think that's the kind of desperate move, just like the government trying to seek to dismiss Brooke Jackson's case, these are desperate moves by the government to try to cover their tracks.
And it may infuriate us, it may help them in individual cases,
But in the long run, it only leads to the loser, the uncertainty, you lose the ship.

[SPEAKER_08]
You know, Jeremy pointed out something that's really important, has been astounding to me from the beginning of this crisis that we got ourselves into.
And it's the idea that we have now crowdsourced, and we have crowdsourced intelligence about what our government is doing.
And we, you know, I mean, look at the work that Steve has done here and all the data investigations he's doing.
I mean, this is fantastic work and these brilliant people are coming together who are data scientists who understand how to read it.
And I mean, I'm just an attorney.
That's all I do.
But I, you know, my job is to, you know, understand what the experts tell me and help translate that to the court.
It's not that I know how to get that data, analyze that data, or do anything with it.
But the crowdsourced information, this was true in the Brooke Jackson case, the marvelous research that was done on the clinical trial documents by thousands of people through the world.
And obviously, we need to shout out to Naomi Wolf on that because the project there, I can't tell you how important that has been to us in the litigation.
We use it.
And in fact, in that case, Jeremy and I and Bob have kind of agreed.
The discovery that we would normally get in the case, a lot of it's already been done for us by this incredible millions of hours of work that have been poured into analyzing Pfizer's fraud and even Moderna's fraud and other things that are going on out there.
So we are becoming a resource for ourselves.
And even the vaccine injured are becoming a resource for themselves.
And I know that vaccine injured are studying things and helping each other.
And that's part of why we formed Freedom Council, because it is bigger than attorneys.
You know, so we have the cadre of experts, cadre of injured, cadre of victims who are all now starting to cooperate in the link, and this is becoming a powerful force.
I got asked today by an attorney, for example, do you have somebody who meets this criteria, who has to be a child who's been vaccine injured and died?
And I put that out there into the community.
And it's a terrible situation and it's morbid to talk about it, but he wants to challenge the prep act and he's looking for very specific fact pattern.
Because of all the cooperation between the groups and among the victims and the lawyers and the experts, we can actually frame cases that we believe will be successful against the prep act.
And the lawyers are thinking through what fact patterns they need
to go to war over these issues.
And this is a unique litigation environment that I have never seen in my lifetime.
And this was something, Lisa, I really didn't expect.
It is a powerful force that we are becoming as a people at every level in this.
And I'm just.

[SPEAKER_03]
The collaboration.
The collaboration.

[SPEAKER_08]
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_03]
For the attorneys.
It's a beautiful thing.
you know, on a not beautiful matter.

[SPEAKER_08]
But it's more to talk about what we have to do, but we have to do it.
And I got to tell you, we, you know, we've got experts and victims and everybody on speed dial.
So we're trying to back it together.

[SPEAKER_07]
This might be a relative question to what you're talking about, Warner.
And the question comes from Welcome the Eagle.
Oh, I know him.
There is at least four dead and deleted trial victims and bears.
Could this factoid help any case?
And then he put a link and I'm going to share the link right there.
Again, the question is, there is at least four dead and deleted trial victims and VAERS could this fact would help any case?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yes, it could.
In fact, I've got some other questions about that.
General Dynamics is a defense contractor that runs VAERS.
Is General Dynamics committing fraud on the American people?
What are its requirements?
I mean, these are just questions that I have.
I'm just throwing them out there.
But so Albert, you know, you bring us information and you bring us something like this, we're going to get a group of attorneys to noodle on what different causes of action that does and how that could help other cases.
You know, they're destroying the early warning system.
I mean, the VAERS database is getting corrupted.
It is being destroyed.
It's being mishandled by our leaders and by our contractor, General Dynamics.
And we need to fix that.
And so us attorneys can get together with Albert and we'll noodle on it.
But thank you for all the work you do.
And I see so many friends here in the chat.
John Bowdoin, I see over there.
I see, yeah, this is fantastic.
You guys are all doing such great work.
And it's just, it's all feeding into fixing the system.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.
All right, I'm gonna ask one more question, because we're getting close to the bottom of the hour.
From Happy Hoofers, is anything being done about the deadly remdesivir high ventilation hospital protocols?
And I know Mickey Willis has a film ready to come out called Bad Medicine about this exact thing.
What do you guys think about this?

[SPEAKER_08]
I feel like I'm talking a lot, but I'm gonna jump right in.
I will beat you.
First of all, there are lawsuits taking place over this issue all over the country.
There's not enough of them, and I know you millions of people who lost loved ones, there's not enough lawyers, and we're not gonna be able to file enough lawsuits, but we're gonna find out what happened and hold some people accountable.
The other thing is that the hospitals were incentivized improperly, a perverse incentive to feed people the remdesivir and
and suffocate them with ventilators.
And we need to understand the financial incentives.
Like I said earlier, you hit bottom and you build up from there.
We know that our hospitals have become killing machines because of the financial incentives.
that they have been given to put people on remdesivir and on vets and to classify them as COVID when they weren't.
All of those things that I just said are actually illegal.
All of those things I just said are actually violations of the False Claims Act.
So you better believe we're looking at that issue and you better believe that some of those are filed.
They're filed under seal as some of you know, but we are moving.

[SPEAKER_01]
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_07]
Fantastic.
Any closing thoughts, Jeremy or Christopher, on the heels of that response?
Oh, you're muted, Christopher.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'll go ahead.
I think that's a wonderful opportunity to be here.
And it's what you have done, this show has done, to bring these speakers out that feeds into, you know, all of our possibilities.
And so this kind of discussion that we just had today couldn't have happened without VSRF live and React 9 and
the COVID litigation conferences they've hosted in the past.
And so I think this is an excellent sort of sign as to where we've come and where it's going to go in the future.

[SPEAKER_07]
Thank you for that, Jeremy.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
I was just starting to say that one of the things I always like to emphasize about my story is that everyone can be courageous, that courage is not a feeling, it's an action.
So the feeling is actually anxiety, fear,
m g what's gonna happen right you know courage is doing the right thing in the face of fear if you're doing something that's difficult there's no fear that doesn't really require courage so i just wanna remember remind everybody out there that you have an obligation you have a duty you have an opportunity.
to be courageous.
And it's not the absence of fear.
It's doing the right thing in the presence of fear.
And one more thing.
Thank you, everybody.
We're now at $360.
I'm so honored that you give to our campaign.
We are going to use this money wisely.
And we're going after these people.
So every dollar that you give, we're going to put into employment to go after tyranny and to have good overcome evil.
Bless you all for donating.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's awesome.
Thank you for that.

[SPEAKER_03]
That's great.

[SPEAKER_07]
Warner, any final thoughts before we let you have the rest of your evening back?

[SPEAKER_08]
It's been a long day.
I was in depositions all day and came back here for this.
We're so grateful for your time.
Listen, I always want to turn it back to the audience and to the victims and to the people who stood up.
I know it took two hours out of my night, but it took two hours out of everybody else's night too.
and your guys' night.
So thank you, Livio, Lisa, Steve, Chris, Jeremy, and everybody out there in the audience who chose to tune in to what's going on.
And I know they're carrying these messages out to their families and loved ones.
And I just can't say how much I thank everyone for putting their time in.
Just a listen to us.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_07]
That means a lot.
Thank you, Warner.
Thank you, Christopher Rake.
Thank you, Jeremy Friedman.
And of course, Warner Mendenhall for joining us this evening.
You're so gracious with your time.
We're so grateful to have had you here.
And it was a fabulous discussion.
And it's nice, the message of hope that we're winning.
And I think the wave will just continue to grow as we go forward.
Yeah, it will.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Amen.

[SPEAKER_07]
Awesome.
Lisa, hang in there.
I got some few announcements that we could share.
And gentlemen, thank you very much, and we'll see you hopefully very soon.
Thank you, VSRF.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good night.

[SPEAKER_07]
Wow.
Very informative conversation, Lisa.
Thank you for guiding us through that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Great.
Thank you so much, Livio.
And these guys, they were amazing, really informative.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, they were great and always great to have them here in Warner.
I mean, he's such a dear friend at this point of us.

[SPEAKER_03]
Working tirelessly.
I mean, some of our meetings for those conferences, for litigation conferences, he'd have his full work day and we'd meet at 10 o'clock Eastern.
He'd just, OK, still going.
So they're working hard.
They really are.

[SPEAKER_07]
Absolutely.
And I want to remind everyone a couple of things here that let me bring up a donor spotlight tonight that this is from RS from Illinois.
Dear VSRF, children without vaccines are healthier.
Tell the young high school kids so that they have time to ask questions before they have children.
here's my one dollar a week donation to spread true information fifty two dollars for fifty two weeks thank you for all you do and thank you rs we appreciate your support really do and.
And that just goes to show that there's no amount that's too little and we are determined to consistently bring you our dynamic content vr r vs r f live shows and our events.
And we also need to continue our fund drive to allow us to further our efforts for Nurse Angela to continue caring for the vaccine injured and for our team to enhance our website and to produce more events and continue to bring in this VSRF live show.
I know Nurse Angela really wanted to be here tonight, but she's been really busy helping Steve as well as fielding all her normal calls.
So she's just an incredible warrior in our space.
so grateful for Nurse Angela and to RS Illinois and to all of you who donate and continue to donate.
And we can't do what we do without you.
And also next week, let me get this shot up.
We got a great show next week, Lisa.
This is going to be Dr. Alan Goldhammer.
Did I say that?
It was a gold hammer.
Dr. Alan Goldhammer.
He'll be I know I like Homer this little little sports He'll be joining us.
He is the founder of True North Health Center in North California Northern California, which is a state-of-the-art facility that provides medical and chiropractic services as well as counseling massage and body work his work with many vaccine injured and it's had success in healing them through water fasting in fact He has worked closely with our very own nurse Angela and has helped her heal from her own vaccine injury.
So that's going to be a
and lightning informative conversation.
Oops, sorry.
Hang on, Lisa.
Sorry, I have the wrong screen going on here.
There you are.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'll just leave for a second.
Yeah, no.
I mean, he's incredible.
I can't wait to hear from Dr. Hammer-Homer.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I'm looking forward to new things.
And before we sign off, I want you to stick around.
We've got another great video to close with that Lisa actually shared with me earlier today.
We signed off of this recent clip of Representative Hageman and Aaron Siri, who are speaking about false COVID-19 vaccine information spread by pharma, doctors and the government, the violation of our constitutional rights and the harm to children.
So the truth is coming out.
And it's a great clip you found.
Again, thank you for hosting tonight, Lisa and thank you everyone out there for being here tonight and thank you for your donations and can't wait to see you all next week.
Have a great rest of your evening and a great weekend.
See you next week.

[SPEAKER_04]
Recognize the gentle lady from Wyoming for five minutes.

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, I think one of the things that shocked me as we worked our way through this pandemic
from a couple of years ago was the level of disinformation that was coming from our political leaders in our medical community and the pharmaceutical companies.
The blanket and blatant violations of our constitutional rights was absolutely off the charts.
The government tyranny was something that we'd never seen before.
The abuse of the emergency use authorization protocol was really pretty stunning to me, including the requirement for informed consent before someone can be forced to take
a vaccine that is approved pursuant to an emergency use authorization.
Just the political elites refusal to acknowledge the origin of COVID coming from the Wuhan laboratory and the rejection of natural immunity was something that has deeply affected our country and will continue to do so into the long-distance future just absolutely shocks the conscience.
from the standpoint of seeing what our political leaders did and how things were politicized.
Mr. Siri, in your testimony, you highlight that COVID-19 vaccine trials were robust when compared with trials relied upon to license most childhood vaccines.
However, just because it was more robust, it doesn't necessarily mean that the process was adequate.
And these are two very different standards.
For example, the Pfizer trials stated that there is a two-year follow-up period, yet the emergency use authorizations for children were granted in as little as seven months.
Our children.

[SPEAKER_06]
I completely agree that the trial for the relied upon license COVID-19 vaccine was anemic, meaning no matter how much delay, how much they sped it up, the problem is there's not enough data in that trial.
Only two months of placebo control on average information to compare
is not enough time to actually assess the safety of that product, in my opinion, and you can see that by looking at drug trials, what they do in those trials.
You'll have years of placebo-controlled safety review.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, and I want to cover that a little bit.
The chart you provided in your Witten testimony shows safety follow-ups still under a year, and this is for age groups
for 16 and up and 18 and up.
So there seems to be even less review of the vaccines that impact our children.
And you also note that the COVID vaccine trials were, as you say, anaemic when compared to drug trials.
Mr. Siri, why are vaccines reviewed under the biologic process versus the drug reviews as you described in your written testimony?

[SPEAKER_06]
That's an FDA decision to do that.
I mean, technically, vaccines could qualify as drugs as well, but they are dealt within CBER, and that's an FDA choice.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, is there a higher standard of review or more meticulous review for drugs versus the biologics?

[SPEAKER_06]
In practice, that's what's occurred.
Pursuant to the regulations, I don't see where there should be, frankly.
It's just a matter of practice, and I think it's a product of the way that the regulators themselves view
these products versus drug products, they in many ways view themselves as partners with the companies making them.
When you watch Peter Marx's video, he very much sees himself as being, having a hand in saving everybody.
He views himself as saving everybody.
He wants to, you know, this product is part of what he wants to push out, unlike drug products that don't, it's not the same relationship.

[SPEAKER_01]
Sounds like he has a bit of a God complex.

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, I heard comments earlier about, you know, they believe passionately in vaccines and they were speaking about folks who take issue with vaccines, but I would say some of the most fervent people who are passionate about vaccines are those who support these products, will support them without even looking at some of the primary data and will easily dismiss the primary sources that do show very serious concerns.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, children and young people remain at low risk of COVID-19 mortality yet.
Yet, the COVID vaccine has still been forced on America's children at great risk.
There are 71,108 adverse events, including deaths that have been reported to VAERS for children 6
months to 17 years due to the COVID-19 vaccine and I would assume that that number is actually under reporting.
This includes 196 deaths, 665 permanently disabled, 1,518 cases of myocarditis and again I'm going to say that I don't even trust those numbers
because I don't trust our government right now to accurately report information related to COVID.
So again, Mr. Siri, was the use of COVID-19 vaccines in pediatric populations advisable given the risk of COVID-19, the virus in children?

[SPEAKER_06]
Our firm sent a number of letters as well as a formal petition to the FDA that we believe clearly supported that it was not supported use in children.
In particular,
This idea that 1,700 children died is not based on reliable data.
They can't actually point to actual children that died, 1,700.
There are always confounders.
There are not healthy children who have died from COVID-19 vaccine in case reports that I have seen.

[SPEAKER_01]
I appreciate your testimony, your honesty, and your willingness to share this information with us.
Thank you to all the witnesses today.
