[SPEAKER_03]
It's a mad, mad, mad, mad world.
I'm not right, I'm still there to fight.
Don't try to master mind, or discover what's behind it.
Just scratch your neck and say what the heck is a mad, mad, mad world?
In this map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map map
Our traffic is so congested.
Mad confusion on wheels.
But Detroit is a droid.
What they'll do in Detroit is make bigger automobiles.
Don't try to understand this job.
How in heaven?
Or who planned this job?
Just dance and sing.
Have yourself a blink.
It's a mad, mad, mad, mad.
Say to
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop,
To master mind and shop or discover what's behind it.
Just scratch your neck and say, what the heck?
It's a mad, mad, mad world.
It's a mad, mad world.

[SPEAKER_11]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch talks with Canadian attorney and health freedom advocate, Sean Buckley.

[SPEAKER_15]
I don't think we're ready to face what's actually happening around us.
You know, because I actually think, you know, we do have a lot of injury from these vaccines that are ongoing.
We still have a lot of economic issues.
We have a lot of educational destruction, you know, in Canada.
We have a large number of children that never returned to school because we didn't have a program in place to track them.
Well, what's the long-term social consequences of that?
Like, we're, for the rest of our lives, going to be dealing with this, but I know in Canada we're so traumatized we can't even look at it.

[SPEAKER_11]
Good evening, and welcome to another special episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and as always, I am thrilled to be here with you all tonight.
Yes, it is a mad, mad, mad world on this historically tragic day, and I'm not even really a Trump supporter, but today's verdict shows how far the U.S. has fallen to Banana Republic status.
However, tonight we have the perfect distraction.
With Steve Kirsch at the Road to Geneva Global Call for Freedom and Canadian Attorney Sean Buckley in the middle of an important trial, we pre-recorded a conversation recently between the two of them.
Before we dive into the interview, I'd like to take a moment to thank everyone who donated to our fundraiser last week.
Your support is incredibly valuable to us and we couldn't do or continue our work without it.
A sincere thank you for your generous donations and for tuning in each and every week.
Your dedication truly makes a difference.
Now, let's get into the heart of tonight's episode.
Sean Buckley is a renowned attorney in Canada known for his work in the areas of criminal and regulatory law.
His focus is on protecting charter rights and testing the constitutional validity of legislation.
Mr. Buckley has developed expertise in health Canada litigation and defending regulatory charges under the Food and Drugs Act in the area of natural health products.
It is likely that he has defended more charges in this area than any other attorney in Canada.
Most of these cases involved a constitutional challenge.
Mr. Buckley is routinely invited to lecture concerning the regulation of natural health products by diverse groups, such as the Fraser Institute, practitioner groups, consumer groups, the NHPPA, also known as National Health Product Protection Association, and he is also invited to draft the Charter of Health Freedom.
Steve had the opportunity to sit down with him and discuss what is really going on in Canada and the war on vitamins and sub supplements.
So without further ado, here's the conversation between Steve and Sean Buckley.
And I'll be back after their conversation with our very own nurse Angela.
Enjoy.

[SPEAKER_16]
Hey, Sean.
Good to see you again.
Stephen, it's very good to be with you.

[SPEAKER_15]
I enjoyed calling you as a witness at the National Citizen Inquiry and being a panel with you in Los Angeles.

[SPEAKER_10]
So good to see you again.
Yeah, it's funny.
You know, I don't get called to be a witness very often talking about the COVID vaccines.
I can't figure it out.
So tell me, why should people pay attention to... You're based in Canada.
Where in Canada are you?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I'm in Alberta, so Alberta would be above Montana, and it's kind of the Texas of Canada, so kind of more freedom-minded, more frontier-minded than the rest of Canada.
And in fact, we have a lot of people moving to Alberta right now, even though it's bitterly cold in the winter, because they're concerned about loss of freedom in other provinces that they're in, and they just have this expectation that Alberta might be the freest.
which is kind of scary because we really went to the wall even in Alberta during COVID.
I don't know if the US audience understands how bad things were.
I mean, we between some provinces even had roadblocks.
So you couldn't go, we call our states provinces.
So you couldn't go from one province to another without hitting a police roadblock.
and somehow convincing them that you should be allowed into their state, even if you lived there, but happened to be trying to get home during COVID.

[SPEAKER_10]
So if you lived there and happened to be trying to get home, they would let you through, wouldn't they?
Maybe.

[SPEAKER_15]
All right.
So I mean, it was absolutely crazy.
Like, I know you guys had the mask mandates, you know, to different degrees.
and you had, you know, the vaccine mandates to different degrees and, you know, which I called, yeah, total, you know, I'd like to go into how these vaccine passports were a total police state ritual because some people don't understand that.
But first I'll just finish my point about how bad it was here.
We kind of had all of that on steroids.
Like remember I told you Alberta was the most free province.
I did two lectures in the spring.
And likely the combined audience was roughly 900 people.
Steve, I asked the audiences during those lectures, I said, put up your hand.
If in the middle of COVID, you honestly believed the army would be going door to door, dragging unvaccinated people out of their homes and forcefully jabbing them with the COVID-19 vaccines, and almost every hand went up.
Now this is in the freest province in Canada and basically it told me that roughly 90% of those audiences believed the army would be going door to door.
dragging people out of their homes.
Now, it didn't help that the opposition leader was publicly stating the army should be going door-to-door dragging people out of their homes.
And our prime minister was stating publicly things like, well, how long should we endure them, meaning the vaccinated, while our federal government was building detention camps.
This is just north of your border, building detention camps in most of the provinces during COVID.
And this was public information.
This was full-blown police state.
So, you know, understand the nation of Canada above you, we're pretending to be normal right now.
But we have been so terrorized by extreme police state actions that I think we're unstable, like the whole nation is psychologically traumatized and we're pretending
that were not.
And I think the United States needs to understand how much of a threat Canada is right now to your northern border.
And not because Canada would do anything.
Canada has always been your most loyal ally.
We've sided with you guys on everything.
I mean, it's kind of a funny historical fact.
Because when was Pearl Harbor December 4th?
Canada declared war on Japan before you guys did.
because our parliament was sitting and we were just so mad about what happened.
We declared war on Japan based on the attack on you before you did.
That's how invested we are.
But you used to not have to worry about your northern border and understand your border with Canada is the largest undefended border in the world and it can't be defended.
It's too big.
It's too big.
You can't defend it.
And you never had to worry before really because of two things.
One is because Canada had a robust military.
So if we were attacked by a foreign power that wanted to use Canada as the staging ground to invade the United States, we had a robust military to resist.
And the second thing is, is we had a cohesive society.
You have to have a cohesive society to be in a war.
I mean, France fell in the Third Republic.
public of France fell in the Second World War because they were so divided between right and left.
I mean, it's a historical fact.
Well, we used to be a cohesive society.
Now, both of those things have been systematically undermined.
And this is all deliberate.
This is by design.
And the United States is the target of the world.
So literally for four decades, our military has been undermined.
You know, at the end of the Second World War, we had the fourth largest military in the world.
Now, our military is smaller than the New York City police force.
Like we, and you know, starving.

[SPEAKER_10]
I guess that's good because they are not going to go around vaccinating people because they don't have enough people to do that.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's actually that's true.
So probably what they'll do the next time round is they'll use UN troops to do it because likely our military wouldn't anyway.

[SPEAKER_16]
So I don't think we're out of the woods.
Bring the UN in, right?
Oh yeah, no, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_15]
And so we're no longer a cohesive society.
And I know you guys are experiencing that too.
But the family's been completely undermined, gender,
We've been divided between right and left.
It's curious, like the United States right now is experiencing unprecedented illegal immigration with your southern border being literally open.
Well, Canada, per capita, we're taking in more immigrants than you are, but they're legal immigrants.
Like it was funny, it started right with COVID.
So we're locked down.
Nobody's flying in or out within Canada.
Canadians aren't, and plane load after plane load after plane load of immigrants from countries that do not have liberal Western democratic traditions.
are being flooded into Canada and it hasn't stopped.
And it's quite interesting because our economy is in the tank.
It's not like we have jobs and need this impetus because immigration usually is really good economically.
But it's like we're being diluted deliberately culturally with cultures that don't share a tradition.
So we couldn't, even if we had a military, we couldn't launch a war.
You know, I'm preparing for new hearings at the National Citizens Inquiry, and I've spoken to some ex-military as potential witnesses.
And it's funny, they volunteer.
The Chinese are already here, meaning the Chinese military.
So I think you guys need to be very, very cautious about Canada and very concerned about what's going on.
And, you know, we just had a recent interesting thing happen a couple of weeks ago, our federal budget bill.
is basically signaling that they're planning on another pandemic.
I can share with you about that if you want.

[SPEAKER_10]
So when you say that we should be watching what's going on in Canada, what do you think we should do about it?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, first of all, I mean, I think that like
I don't think it's any secret that we're in a quiet war.
I mean, we, I think the United States is in a quiet war with both China and Russia.
And I'm not here to say who's at fault or who isn't at fault.
I mean, I'm 58 and I was raised with the propaganda so that I'd be willing to go and fight the Soviet Union in Europe and be cannon fodder.
And I always thought of them as the enemy.
Um, you know, I, I'm kind of ashamed that I think we're in the wrong and that, you know, we've been acting irresponsibly.
It's, you know, it's interesting when you have to start accepting that your own country is, um, you know, I'm talking about Canada is, you know, not acting appropriately and not honoring agreements and is participating in unnecessary aggression.
So, um, but no, if I think that the United States, the plan is as to
basically make you so divided and take you down and that could include a foreign invasion so that the rest of the world can be controlled because of the United States.
And so all of you have really the responsibility of the world.
You don't have to be divided between right and left because the reality is that if things go bad, let's say at a bad earthquake on the West Coast, you're going to be helping each other and doing all you can.
to pull through together and you don't care about right or left then when things really matter.
And the reality is, is things really matter right now.
And you're being viciously divided over things that don't matter.
But I think there's a plan to take the United States down.
I think that there are contingency plans for an evasion, and you guys think it'll come from the south.
And it could come from the south, but it's also going to come from the north through Canada, which is just a sitting duck to be occupied, and then used as a staging ground.
So that's why.
So I think you guys need to be paying attention that we don't become a full-blown police state.
that we're basically not a communist Chinese vassal state.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, but what do you expect us to do about it?
Well, I don't know.
What actions do you recommend the US do about it?

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, I mean, you guys don't even put political pressure on what we do.

[SPEAKER_15]
I mean, we literally, I could have my bank accounts frozen for this interview.
I mean, you guys are aware that after the trucker convoy,
that people that, you know, you just donated 50 bucks and have no other involvement.
I mean, I know a fellow that did that and his bank accounts were frozen.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, you know, do you know that some people from just making a $50 donation?
Like what constant, why would some people's bank accounts be frozen for a $50 donation and other people's not?

[SPEAKER_16]
intimidation and control.

[SPEAKER_15]
So, I mean, you know, I was involved in the National Citizens Inquiry because I called you as a witness there.
Well, we didn't, you know, we had to arrange for cash donations because people were afraid to e-transfer because they were worried that their bank accounts would be frozen.
It's a matter of control.
Stephen, if you were legitimately worried that all of a sudden all your assets would be frozen by the US government,
because of the political position you were taking, that might change your behavior.
And if it doesn't change your behavior, if you're saying, OK, I'm willing to go for the wall for this because I realize more important things are at stake, it's certainly going to discourage others in your position.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.
Sure.
I'm happy to know.

[SPEAKER_10]
So isn't that illegal, the freezing of the bank accounts and the people challenged the government on that?
You know, I'm a... Or does the Canadian government have the right to arbitrarily, for any reason whatsoever, to freeze your bank account?

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, whether something's legal or not is quite interesting because further to be rule of law is rules have to actually be enforced.
Like, you know, in Canada during COVID, we had, you know, the most intrusive government
overreach into our lives even during wartime.
We've never had such overreach.
And yet I can't think of a single decision.
There's one.
The Emergency Act was recently declared, you know, that it was invoked improperly.
So when the government took the truckers down,
using police violence.
And your audience should know the truckers had told the police that they would stand down.
Please move the barricades and we'll dismantle.
And that wasn't allowed because the government intentionally wanted to use a show of force to discourage anyone from doing that ever again.
So there's that one thing, but every other aspect of all this government overreach, there's not a single court decision in Canada
saying that government went too far.
So there's not a single example I can point to where for the next one, and they're planning the next one, that's clear from some recent legislation that was introduced.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, when you say they're planning, you're talking about the people who run Canada are planning this?

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, I don't know who runs Canada.

[SPEAKER_15]
But we pretend that we have a government, a federal government that runs Canada.
But you know, we just introduced a budget bill.
This would be about 10 days ago, 10 days, two weeks ago.
So we introduced a budget bill.
And they snuck into the budget bill some changes to our Food and Drug Act.
And it's curious.
So the first change is that the Minister of Health basically can prevent anyone from promoting
off-label use of a drug.
And both human and veterinary.
Now this is interesting because the way our constitutional division of powers works, off-label uses of drugs.
And just so your audience knows, so let's say a drug is approved for one purpose, off-label uses your doctor prescribing it for another purpose.
And often it's absolutely essential because most drugs are approved with a cohort in the clinical trials.
of like healthy individuals in a narrow maybe a 20 year age range, well what if you want and never pregnant women and children.
So what if you want to prescribe a drug for somebody outside of that age range or a pregnant woman or children, you have to go off label use and sometimes doctors have just learned a drug approved for one condition works really good on another condition and you know they publish on it and
case series are run on it, and it's common practice.
In Canada, that's provincial jurisdiction.
So they're stepping in, and basically, you can find $5 million if you promote the use of a drug for another purpose.
I couldn't figure out why the heck is this going on.

[SPEAKER_10]
And then another part that they want is so, so, so women, so anybody who repurposes any drug then could be fined $5 million in Canada and get two years to jail.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I couldn't make sense of this.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, wait a minute, but.
If that's being enforced, I mean, I think the stats are 70% of the drugs prescribed in America are prescribed off-label.
Oh, yeah.
But this is a problem.
So you're saying that in Canada, if you prescribe anything off-label, they will find you $5 million and put you in jail for two years?

[SPEAKER_15]
No.
What the law says is the minister can.
So the minister can make orders that you can't promote an off-label use for a drug.
I'm thinking ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine.
When I go through this power list, I was going through it, I was analyzing it, and none of this makes sense until I said, oh, this is for the next pandemic.

[SPEAKER_10]
Okay, so what you're saying is that the minister can announce that you cannot do this for off-label and then going forward that
If you violated that, then you could get the $5 million fine and jail time.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, and you wouldn't even have to be a doctor.
So let's say, I mean, let's say we have another pandemic and it turns out that ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine are as effective as they were for COVID.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, then they'd be put on the band list then.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes, exactly.
Before, doctors would be gone after by their medical colleges, but you or I were free to say, no, Ivermectin, look at this research and that research, Ivermectin works.
There was no law that could shut us down.
Right.
But now the minister just declares, makes an order that no one can promote Ivermectin for off-label use.
Here's the authorized use.
And now you and I in Canada are subject to jail.

[SPEAKER_10]
So the next thing the next power so so so hang on.
So I'm in the US.
And I'm writing about ivermectin for the next pandemic.
Are you saying that?
And I have a worldwide audience.
So the next time I
enter into Canada, they can arrest me and put me in jail for two years?

[SPEAKER_15]
I don't know what the law is, if you're based in the US and you're publishing the US and not Canada, whether or not that would be considered publication in Canada.
So I can't answer that.
But I do know that I'm in Canada.
And if you came to Canada and gave a lecture and said that,
uh then lights up man it's i'm not going home for a long time no it's crazy it's crazy well and then the ministers giving themselves power to exempt new drugs from fraud and adulteration and i'm i'm look i mean i i practice in the air and food and drugs what how is that possibly in the public interest and i'm thinking and it was

[SPEAKER_16]
But what?

[SPEAKER_10]
They should also protect against any liability at all, right?
They should be able to arbitrarily denote a drug and say that if you take this drug and you die, you can't sue the manufacturer, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, this is what's happening.
So the ministers...

[SPEAKER_16]
But he can't do that right now, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
No, the minister can't exempt a drug from the fraud protections,
cannot exempt a drug from the adulteration protections.
But you're saying they want to change that.
You can't sell an adulterated drug.
And I'm thinking, oh, this is the DNA fragments in the mRNA.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So the minister should be in Canada, the minister should be able to waive those

[SPEAKER_16]
the manufacturer liabilities, right?
Well, this is what I think, I don't think it's even manufacturer liability, because that would be a contract with Pfizer or whoever.
It's the government responsibility.

[SPEAKER_15]
You see, the government's not liable in Canada for approving the vaccines, even though they weren't proven to be safe and effective, because the minister came out with an interim order saying you don't have to prove they're safe and effective.
In fact, you didn't even have to provide the safety data.
like most Canadians aren't aware of that.
So no one can sue the government or Health Canada saying, well, you didn't adhere to the safety and efficacy proof requirements.
No, no, we were in an emergency, right?
And that was exempted.
But the government could be liable for the adulteration, the DNA.
And the government could be liable for the fraud that they've overlooked.
You know, the Pfizer dumps proven that conclusively.
So it seems to me kind of like a shopping list.
Well, for the next time, how do we ensure that the government isn't liable?
And the third big change is, is you don't even have to apply for approval in Canada if some
For an entity, and for an entity as defined so broadly, it would include the World Health Organization.
It doesn't have to be a government regulatory body.
If some foreign agency has approved a drug health candidate, it can just approve it.
And I'm just thinking, okay, they are preparing for the next pandemic and signaling quite loudly that it's coming because none of those changes make any sense except for its closing all of the loopholes they learned

[SPEAKER_10]
But it could be that they just want to learn from their mistakes the first time and make sure that people don't get ivermectin because it's so perceived to be so harmful to people and they're just making it so that they can expedite it so that they're taking these steps in the best
interests of the public, right?
But the Canadian legislature has to go along with this and approve it, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh yeah, they do and I think they likely will unless we make enough noise and I have to commend you for not smiling when you said that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, but you know, I can tell you that the people here
are like in the U.S., they're totally, the people, the lawmakers especially, I'd say 99% are blue-pilled.
They believe these things are safe and effective.
They believe that these emergency things are doing the right thing for the people.
This is not a conspiracy.
This is people who they honestly believe that vaccines are safe.
I mean, look, I was just at the graduation of my daughter graduated from University of Rochester.
And I spoke with the
with the dean who was giving the, you know, running the ceremony.
And I said, say, are there, is there anyone on the faculty at Rochester that thinks that vaccines might not be so safe?
And he says, no, don't don't know of any.
So people are completely clueless even if you're in the medical field.
And so if you're a lawmaker, to be completely clueless is completely normal because that's the way that you were taught.
It's just like teaching doctors in medical school that
vaccines are perfectly safe.
Do not question this.
There's no reason for you to question it.
And then there's just this trickle down effect onto the mainstream media and trickle down effect to members of Congress who will not give you the time of day because if you challenge the vaccine, it's almost as if you're saying, I think the earth is flat.
Can we have a discussion about it?
And they will completely write you off.
The people in Canada are no different than the lawmakers in the US in being just completely naive to this and they don't have the critical thinking skills and haven't applied the, you know, looked at the data directly.
they're on the expertise or the time or the motivation to do any of those things.
And so it persists.
And so these people, I don't think this is a big conspiracy that these people are being controlled.
I think it's just how
the whole medical community is brought up with vaccines.
It's very similar to the sugar thing, way back Ansel Keys, and did the research and convinced a lot of people that fat was bad.
Well, there wasn't a conspiracy to kill people.
Hardly.
It was all fat is bad.
Let's take the fat out so we have all these products with no fat that are loaded with sugar.
And it's because everyone believed that that was the better alternative.
And so I just think the same thing's happening here.
And do you agree with me or do you disagree?

[SPEAKER_15]
No, I actually think, like, first of all, if you're a lawmaker, you're dealing with so many things, you're not going to have expertise in this.
And we've all, and I think, no, I think this goes deep.
I mean, I think we've all, you know, from my birth, I'm 58, I've been fed, you know, a world paradigm.
that I was deliberately fed so that I could fit in.
And it's very comfortable just actually even, I mean, I used to believe that my government was there for my protection.
I don't believe that anymore, but we all had this.

[SPEAKER_10]
But the point is, do you believe that the people in government believe that they are acting in your best interest?

[SPEAKER_15]
That's the key question.
I think there's a misunderstanding.
And I think our real problem, Steve, is we need to move to a place where everyone understands they have to take responsibility for their own health, their own freedom, and not be delegating this.
And I think most people in government don't even get to the point where they say, wait a second, is there a problem even with the model?

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean, let's take the drug model now.
Back up a second.
I just wanted to get your answer to, do you agree with me that the lawmakers in the United States and Canada believe that they're doing this in the best interest of their constituents?

[SPEAKER_16]
I believe most of them, that's where they are.

[SPEAKER_15]
You didn't hear me say that.
I'm just sharing what's coming down the pipe.
I think this is the changes that were put in our budget bill come from Health Canada.

[SPEAKER_16]
It's not a government policy.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right, but the same thing is true that Health Canada is only doing this because these people are so blue-pilled that they believe that the whole narrative and they think that vaccine side effects are rare and that Ivermectin was harmful and so forth.

[SPEAKER_16]
I just wish you with that, and I'll tell you why.

[SPEAKER_15]
My focus in my legal career has been protecting access to dietary supplements.
I'm working on your 30th.
for the whole time.
And the FDA does it in the US too.
It's kind of like, look at how dangerous dietary supplements are.
Look at how dangerous dietary supplements are.
Look at how dangerous they are.

[SPEAKER_16]
We need strict regulation.
We need strict regulation.

[SPEAKER_10]
But again, it's all about they believe that they think that they're acting in the best interests of the people in doing that.

[SPEAKER_15]
But here's the problem is you are way dramatically more likely to be struck by lightning.
than to be harmed by dietary supplement.

[SPEAKER_10]
I know that, but it's like, you know, that vaccines are safe.
So the point is that they're being manipulated by people into believing that these supplements that are safe are not safe.
And so then they're acting to protect the public and that
I mean, unless you believe that Health Canada is paid off by the supplement, it can't be by the supplement makers because they're trying to ban the supplement being paid off by the drug companies.
Do you think that Health Canada is being unduly influenced by the drug companies?
Or are they just being influenced by, you know, the drug companies?
of the standard narrative.

[SPEAKER_15]
I think it actually could be more nuanced than that.
Let's look at the COVID-19 experience, and I'll just talk about Canada, but I assume it's the same in the US.
In every province,
every college of physicians and surgeons, every college of pharmacists, every college of nurses, basically would sanction any one of their members that spoke out against COVID or, you know, the vaccines or even raised issues about informed consent.
And yet it's so clear we were violating informed consent and we have these whole professions going along.
You can't convince me these whole professions are in any way corrupted, but, you know, I'm a doctor and I've got, you know,
the kid in college and another's gonna be in college next year and I've got a mortgage and all of that.
Am I gonna speak out and throw all of that away?
Or am I just gonna plug along and play along to get along?
And even just our herd mentality.
We don't wanna be excluded by the herd.
And for whatever reasons, we find ourselves in a situation where if you
You've been called a misinformation spreader for raising concerns about the vaccine.
And I don't think this is necessarily, you know, conspiracy where people are, you know, agreeing to do nefarious things.
I think there's something deeper where, you know, when we get out of this and reevaluate how do we structure society better?
Somehow we have to get people taking personal responsibility again and actually privileging even, you know, taking hits to their standard of living and everything.
to do what's right.
I think we're having a cultural problem, or maybe I didn't understand human nature the way it truly is, but we don't have to look for conspiracies.
How do we explain what already happened?
The reality is we're all biased.
When you're doing your tax return, you're valuing things differently than when you're applying for a loan, and it's just human nature.
You're trying to do what's in your interest.
And you get invested, let's say you're a senior bureaucrat and you get invested in the policy.
I think you can become blind and it's not necessarily a conspiracy.
All I know is we have some serious problems.
I'm not an expert on how we got here, but we're doing things that are not in the public interest at all.
Right.

[SPEAKER_10]
But the key thing is, what's the way out here?
Because just watching what's happening in Canada and maybe exerting political pressure, that's not going to happen because people in the United States government who could apply the political pressure, they're like, you know,
cheering Canada on rather than trying to rein them in, they're all about, oh, the health authorities know better than the misinformation spreaders.
And so I don't think that's going to happen, or certainly not in the area that I care about.

[SPEAKER_15]
I think I have an answer for you.
I think the way out is every single one of your viewers starting to take personal responsibility for how they act.
We all know right and wrong.
And, you know, we all know that, you know, I'll get religious on, you know, second commandment, love your neighbor like yourself, which means putting your neighbor first.
If we individually start living that way,
then it will change.
Like so imagine let's say we have I think now they're planning another pandemic just based on these legal changes in Canada.
Well let's say the next time we have even just 5% of the doctors standing up.
That would be enough.
That would be enough to stop it.
5% of the nurses saying I'm not participating like if enough people
are willing to do what they believe are right and stop being afraid.
I mean, I think we got into this because we weren't following the Second Amendment.
We weren't taking responsibility for our own actions.
We were just worried about ourselves.
And I think that individually us doing that leads us down the path we're going
I mean, I think we've been deliberately groomed to just be materialistic and look out for yourself and not take personal responsibility, not just for yourself, but for your government action.

[SPEAKER_10]
You know, how many...
But Sean, if I could wave a magic wand and suddenly everyone has personal responsibility, that would be great.
But what you're talking about is massive change.
And also, if you're a doctor and you're one of the 5% who speaks out, you're going to be one of the 5% who gets fired and they're going to make an example of you.
And it's going to be short-lived.

[SPEAKER_16]
I don't think that's gonna get you there.
Well, but it's just you know at what point is it enough?

[SPEAKER_15]
that the rest stand up.
You see, courage is courageous.
I don't know about you, but during the masking thing in Canada.

[SPEAKER_16]
Courage is contagious.
Courage is contagious.

[SPEAKER_15]
So when other people see you acting courageous, you encourage them to better behavior.

[SPEAKER_10]
I wish my viewership was growing.
It was doubling every year.
Um, but unfortunately, uh, the growth rate is, is, uh, uh, it's not that high.

[SPEAKER_15]
But that's, that's because things have the pressures taken off.
Like in, in, you know, we haven't been locked down now for two winters.
Yeah.
And, um, so, you know, everyone's trying to pretend it's like we're in denial.
It's like, well, let's just, it's okay.
And let's just go to the lake this summer and let's have a barbecue and let's,
take it easy and actually there's some real good to that.
I don't think we're ready to face what's actually happening around us.
Because I actually think we do have a lot of injury from these vaccines that are ongoing.
We still have a lot of economic issues.
We have a lot of educational destruction.
In Canada, we have a large number of children that never returned to school because we didn't have a program in place to track them.
Well, what's the long-term social consequences of that?
Like we're, for the rest of our lives, gonna be dealing with this, but I know in Canada we're so traumatized, we can't even look at it.
We were just so traumatized by what happened.
But it's gonna come, like the storm's coming back, Steve, and you're gonna get much more attention.

[SPEAKER_16]
I think that's why.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh, I hope so.
But can you, Sean, name one lawmaker?
in Canada who's speaking out against the vaccines and saying that they should be stopped.
You know, the equivalent of the Senator Ron Johnson, for example.
Is there a Ron Johnson in the Canadian legislature?

[SPEAKER_15]
There have been.
And so our federal one is the Parliament.
I mean, I think of, I think her name is Marilyn Gladue as, as one who has- Is she still there?
Um, yeah, she is.
I mean, every, and some provincial ones, they all got kicked out of their party.
Um, you know, we had Mr. Hilliard- For speaking out against the narrative?
Yeah, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_16]
Wow.
But, you know, let's- So how many, how many people are we talking about?
Like one, two, three?
I mean, a disappointing number of people.
Yeah, like a handful at most.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
And so,
I mean, we called some of them as witnesses at the National Citizens Inquiry to testify about their experience.

[SPEAKER_10]
And they were honest and told you everything?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I think they were.

[SPEAKER_16]
I mean, these are people that got kicked out of their parties for speaking out.

[SPEAKER_10]
Right, no.
But getting kicked out of the party is different than being kicked out of the legislature.

[SPEAKER_15]
No, but you don't get re-elected again.
So you're saying that you get independent, right?
Right.
So you know you're losing your job when you do that.

[SPEAKER_10]
How many people in the in Canada parliament?
I think we have 338.
338.
So 338, you got about 1% that are the centers and they basically get get flushed out of the system.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I don't think it was one.
Yeah, well, yeah, maybe 1%.
Oh, yeah, no, absolutely.
But, you know, again, so like often, let's talk about the personal responsibility.
Like, so in Canada during COVID, we had an election and we have a minority government being supported by another party.
Well, what if 10 people in the governing party were willing to be kicked out of their party?
The government would have fallen.

[SPEAKER_16]
What if 10 people in the party supporting that minority?

[SPEAKER_10]
Sean.
Okay, so why not start there?
Why not go and start with the personal responsibility in the Canadian government?
Try to convince 10 people.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I mean, Steve, I'm trying to do everything I can and you're and I'm actually really enjoying this conversation.
I mean, because what is what is the answer, right?
Like, right?
You believe more is coming.
I know that, you know, we've got no question.

[SPEAKER_10]
There's no question.
This is going to repeat itself over and over.
This is this is like autism.
And I was I was just I just posted something on Twitter a few days ago about
The recommendation to keep your kid from getting autism, there are five things on the list for the five things that you should do to keep your kid from, uh, reduce the chance that your kid would have autism, get vaccinated was number five.
Oh wow.
Isn't that insane?
I couldn't believe it.
They're actually telling people to prevent autism.
The very thing that is causing it.
It is so ridiculous.
This, by the way, is from WebMD.
So you can go, I think you should be able to go on the WebMD site and search in autism and look.
I should go look at that right now.
But it's starting.

[SPEAKER_15]
And it's a good example because it's parents that have had children hurt by the vaccines and have become autistic that have created this entire movement.
I mean, children's health defense, for example, in the United States, well, actually, they're international now.
I mean, that's now a powerful movement, but it started with, you know, basically mothers who would not leave, you know, Robert Kennedy Jr. alone.
to look into the connection actually back then between, you know, Mercury, because he was this environmental guy with, you know, the rivers and Mercury and the health effects of that.
And now that's a force to be reckoned with.
You know, and you've got, you know, Del Bigtree on the high wire and this, the ICANN that he started, that's now a force to be reckoned with.
And they actually could be changing the narrative.
where we could flip where, you know, now WebMD won't be able to say things like that.
So I mean, I think that's an example of people because they're highly motivated, you know, parents whose children have been hurt are highly motivated group.
But I think it's a good example of how a difference can be made because they have been instrumental.
And so I mean, I think you inadvertently, you know, raised a really good point.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, the problem though with parents, you know, there are a lot of, I'd say probably half the parents who have autistic kids realize that it was caused by the vaccine and the other half, and maybe a larger than half that's blue-pilled and 40% that are red-pilled.
But even with those numbers, they're still not able to make any progress.
And so you're looking at something which is 20 years old, which we still haven't figured out how to break the long jam on that.

[SPEAKER_15]
You accept that, you know, like let's use the COVID-19 app.

[SPEAKER_10]
And it's obvious to the parents and then the appearance or have an autistic kid.
And, you know, so it's like you have a, it's a constant reminder.
And yet,
This is unchallenged.
This narrative that vaccines are safe.
I'm looking at the WebMD page right now.
Vaccines and autos don't cause autism.
Even though some people have concerns that they do, studies are shown there's no link between the two.
Like that CDC study where they deleted all the data that linked them.
Experts have reviewed that they found that they're very safe.
Other studies looked at the ingredients and no link to odds.
This is like unbelievable stuff.
And this then just trickles down.
I think if we're going to fight this, we need to fight the misinformation at the source here and expose these people who are promoting
this misinformation.
And once we point out that, oh, autism was caused by vaccines, then people will go and say, OK, now it's known.
It'll be like cigarettes and smoking.
And what will happen is it will continue to repeat this process, sorry, cigarettes and smoking, and lung disease or lung cancer.
You know, that was like, oh, gosh, they made a mistake.
We'll give them a pass on that.
Oh, sugar and sugar and fruits, oh, they made a mistake, we'll pass on that.
Cholesterol and eggs, they made a mistake, we'll pass on it.
Oh, vaccines and autism, oh, they made a mistake, we'll pass on it.
I mean, it's like, people shouldn't be trusting these medical flories, but they do because they're the only game in town.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I agree I mean and I mean it's part I think the the issue is is just control of the narrative You know when was it in the early 80s when every Western democracy?
They all had laws preventing concentration of media ownership and then they all withdrew those laws one by one and here's where we are where the narrative is absolutely being controlled and I think we just need to get to the tipping point where enough people understand
that, you know, they're being gained.
And then once you realize you've been lied to on something really important, now you become skeptical and start taking personal responsibility.
Can I just share with you something that a witness said at the National Citizens Inquiry that stuck with me and her name was Regina.
She testified at the Red Deer hearings.
She was a political immigrant from Poland.
She was in the solidarity movement from the beginning.
And she shared with us that Solidarity Movement was a trade union movement where they would organize general strikes to try and topple the Polish police state.
And she said, we couldn't get traction.
She, after the main leadership got arrested, you know, she and others are trying to keep the thing going.
And she got arrested for handing out pamphlets that went against the government narrative and spent two and a half years in jail before she was allowed to immigrate to Canada as a political refugee.
But she said, we couldn't get the populace to take to the streets until the bread ran out.
See, so the general strikes crippled the economy enough that the bread ran out.
Well, bang, all of a sudden,
Everyone takes to the streets because now they're being personally affected, and they peacefully topple a police state that had been there for four decades.
Now Steve, the scary part is, is they could have peacefully toppled that police state at any time during those four decades just by coming out en masse.
But they waited until the bread ran out.
And I think it's just part of our human psyche that it's just simply got to get worse.
There's got to be more of us coming to understand that we can't be trusting, that we have to kind of take responsibility again, including holding liars to account.
I think a big part of our problem is a politician will be caught lying.
and we'll re-elect them like no we have to kind of get back to we can't allow this stuff and take responsibility for it but I just don't think we're at the tipping point but I think people like you are getting us there and you know hats off to you I know in the the you know midst of the COVID darkness I found what you were doing very encouraging.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah thanks you know I just
Yeah, I just found the, it is on WebMD.
By the way, I just wanted to track that down.
Can you prevent, it's titled Can You Prevent Autism?
It's on WebMD, it's medically reviewed, it's a one minute read and it says avoid alcohol, seek treatment and get vaccinated.
Make sure you get the rubella vaccine before you get pregnant.
Oh, man.
Okay.
So it's, um, it's, it's so crazy.

[SPEAKER_16]
We could use other adjectives.

[SPEAKER_10]
God dang.

[SPEAKER_15]
No, I never, I mean, isn't it surprising?
Like once you understand how bad it is, like I had no idea just how bad it is.
And I find myself in tool of disbelief.
that the narrative is so controlled.
and not in the public interest.

[SPEAKER_10]
We can't get a public dialogue.
I think the problem is that we can't challenge any of these autism experts because they're all in hiding.
In fact, the experts know that vaccines cause autism and they don't want to talk about it because they don't want to have their grants taken away and be shunned by the community and then have to look for a job doing something else because they'll have their medical license taken away if they admit that vaccines cause autism because that's so
It's, that's heresy.
I mean, it's, so I'm, I'm working on a way to expose these people, but it's, it's essentially, you got to get this stuff out in, you got to start to educate the public that they've been fooled.
And the best people to do that is the people who did the fooling, right?
Because they're not going to believe that anybody else.
So, you know, Chris Cuomo says, ah, I'm vaccine injured and hey, you're in the same bucket.
I mean, that starts to- And I'm taking ivermectin.
Too bad he's not on CNN anymore.
Mm-hmm.
You know, how many people heard that or know about it?
I mean, people know about the New York Times.
So the New York Times just basically said, ah, you know, vaccines are used to exist, but they're super rare.
They're not super rare at all.
They're very common.

[SPEAKER_15]
And people know that.
Like, it's interesting.
Another question I've asked at the odd lecture is, you know, put up your hand if you know anyone who died of COVID and some hands go up.
But then I say, put up your hand if you know somebody who you believe died from the vaccine.
Like, at least half the hands go up.

[SPEAKER_16]
Like, there's no comparison.
There's no comparison.

[SPEAKER_10]
I've run these balls over and over and over again.
you get the same result every time.
And it's not, it's not my audience.
These people are not lying.
These people are, they can't control how many people died.
You know, that's the thing is that my audience is just as good as someone else's audience in terms of people dying.
But I think the point is that people will say, oh, your audience thinks that if the person drank some water and died that they died from the vaccine.
And that's the problem because the people who
say that, oh, don't know anyone who died from the vaccine.
It's like, you know, they're not paying attention.
And the people on my side are accused of just, you know, and the people who would attend that lecture that you just talked about, they would be written off as saying, oh, well, they're just describing any death that was unusual as being caused by the vaccine.
when people die, young people die all the time in their sleep 24 hours after getting the vaccine, which we know, of course, this is untrue.

[SPEAKER_16]
Even three months.

[SPEAKER_15]
I can remember by the time I graduated grade 12, other than people dying in car accidents, of one in
one person dying of cancer as a high school student.
I've never, I've never heard of anyone dying in their sleep or athletes on the field dying and like this is so new.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.
And they're normalizing it.
Well, yeah, but how do you normalize it?
And oh, athletes have died all the time, you know,

[SPEAKER_10]
That's how they normalize it.
They're just saying, you're just noticing it more because you've been sensitized to it by these anti-vaxxers, but people have been dying from blah, blah, blah, for all the time.
And then, of course, they make these sensationalist things like the measles thing, like an unvaccinated kid died from measles.
Do you know how many people die, kids die from measles every year?
No.
I couldn't find out.
I went to the CDC website to find out.
It's not listed.
Maybe I missed it somehow, but I went to the official CDC page that was referred to me by one of these, you know,
uh, uh, AI assistance.
And, uh, you know, I said definitive cause I asked how many, how many kids die in the US from, uh, uh, from measles every year.
And it said, you should go check on the CDC page.
Here it is.
I went on that CDC page.
There's no statistics.

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, and it, it's interesting as I remember, I, I mean, I, they didn't have measles vaccine when I was a kid and I, I can't, I've never heard of anyone dying of the measles.
And I know, you know, measles and chicken pox and that, like the mothers, oh, you know, Johnny's got measles or chicken pox, go play with them because you hadn't had it yet, right?
Like you might as well get it over with type thing.
Um, but we've got so much evidence of the vaccines causing harm that it's, it's absolutely crazy.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
And it's like, yeah, it's, it's, uh,

[SPEAKER_10]
It's so crazy.
And people will focus on that, oh, the one measles death.
I think there's more than one, but it's interesting how that's hidden.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, and it's interesting how they make a big deal.
Nobody knows.
Nobody knows what the numbers are.

[SPEAKER_10]
I mean, when we get off this, which I'm going to go check on this.
You can go and find this stuff out yourself.
You go to the CDC website, you go to Wonder, and you look for the underlying cause of death, and look for measles, and you can specify the age range and so forth.

[SPEAKER_16]
It only takes a couple of minutes for people to do this research.

[SPEAKER_15]
It's always good whenever the government's trying to scare you about it.
So here, measles death is ask, well, OK, so you're talking about a few measles desks.
deaths, but compare that to other deaths.
Compare that to the downsides.
How many deaths from peanut butter in the United States?
It will so eclipse measles deaths and yet you're not going to make health policy decisions to vaccinate people against peanut butter.
You just wouldn't do it because the risk is too low.
There will be more lightning deaths
then measles deaths, but you're not going to be putting up lightning rods all over the country, although that might be better spent than on vaccines.

[SPEAKER_16]
So you're always being gained unless you understand, well, what is the risk compared to other common risks that I'm not worried about?
Is there anything final you'd want to, you think it's important to let people know?
Can we talk about the drug model?
Because I mean, I think it's important for your audience to know that.
Why don't we end with that?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So I mean, it's important.
And just so you know, this is the United States.
This is Canada.
This is every Western nation it was brought in in the 1930s.
So it was all coordinated.
And it's important for you to understand the drug model because you need to understand how your health policy is being influenced, not for your health.
And so what the drug model is, is first of all, you define drug so broadly
so that it includes anything used for therapeutic purpose.
So you know in the pre-interview I said to Steve just you know as a joke I said Steve you look dehydrated will you please drink some water.
Now I said that because I made water a drug by saying that I suggested that he use water for therapeutic purpose and you know thank goodness I didn't actually give him the water because in Canada and the United States I'd be violating a whole
a bunch of federal laws, because I will have given a therapeutic product without government pre-approval and good manufacturing practices and testing in the whole life.
So step one in the drug model, you make anything used for a therapeutic purpose, regardless of what it is a drug.
Step two is, as you, and listen carefully, you make it illegal to sell a drug without government pre-approval in the form of a license.
Now this is interesting, so now the only authority
It's illegal to use anything for a therapeutic purpose.
You want to use ginger tea to treat nausea, even though we've been doing that for 2,000 years.
It's illegal, unless the government says you can do it.
Now think about that from a legal philosophical perspective.
And then the third thing, and it's only been for serious health conditions.
What's happening now to pay attention to is they're moving this down to medium and minor conditions.
But I'm 58.
in my lifetime in Canada, and it'll be the same for the United States.
For serious health conditions, they make the drug approval process so expensive that only drugs that have a patent go through the process.
And to give you an example, the last time I had an expert on the stand on drug approval, so they're under oath, they have to tell me the truth.
And I asked, well, how expensive is it to go through the drug approval process?
And the answer was a billion dollars.
Now that'd be Canadian dollars, so roughly 700 million US.
And you can get through the process for a couple hundred million, but it's so expensive that only drugs with patents get through.
Well, you can't patent natural substances.
You can only patent novel chemicals.
So the effect is in the United States and Canada is it is only legal to treat serious health conditions with novel chemicals.
So you know your heart disease, your cancer,
erectile dysfunction, arthritis, psychiatric disorders, anything that's big money is considered serious.
So if you go to the hospital for any of those conditions or you go to the doctor, the only legal options are chemical pharmaceutical drugs.
Now if we were to back up and say we have no health policy, we have no law, how do we get good health outcomes?
it would not dawn on any of us to say, well, let's limit the treatment of serious health conditions to novel chemicals.
We just never do that.
But we've structured our food and drug laws deliberately to protect intellectual property rights instead of health rights.
So I just wanted your audience to understand that actually your drug laws themselves are designed to protect intellectual property rights so that it's only legal for you to be treated for serious health conditions with chemicals.
And you should be troubled by that.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, absolutely.
But again, what can we do about it?
What are they doing about it in Canada?
I think things are getting worse in Canada, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, yeah, no, we're sliding full blown into a police state.
So we're changing our entire legal structure so that it'll be illegal to speak, it'll be illegal to do anything.
and no safety provisions and drug approval and the whole thing.

[SPEAKER_10]
And anybody who tries to reverse that gets taken out of their party.
The three people who try to reverse that or the handful of people who try to reverse that get taken out of the party, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, but you know,
They haven't gotten, the bread hasn't run out yet, so we haven't taken to the streets.
So I'm just patiently waiting for the bread to run out because once Canadians get pissed off, you don't want to deal with us.
I mean, the Germans in World War I came up with the term storm troopers for Canadian soldiers because they just never give up and never stop.
And so, you know, I think those that are doing this are going to be unhappy once the bread runs out in Canada.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
So as you were talking, wow, I've been doing these searches.
I did a search for measles or rubella deaths from 2018 through May 4th of 2024.
And unless I screwed up somehow, which I don't think I did,
uh, guess how many measles and rubella deaths there are in the United States.
And in that, in that period, this is from 2018 to 2024.
So it's six years.
How many, and I search for measles, measles or rubella.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, you know, I don't want to guess, but I'll say 12.

[SPEAKER_10]
The answer is zero.
Okay.
There were no entries.
It was stunning.
I had to pick something else just to make sure that I was, that I didn't inadvertently pick something wrong, but it appears to be zero.
That is, yeah.
So why are we, why are we vaccinating against these in the United States?
I mean, I don't get it.
It doesn't make a lot of sense.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, if you're asking me, I mean, I don't know either, right?
All I know is that our very food and drug laws are not designed for good health outcomes.
Like the legal philosophical basis, you can't get there.

[SPEAKER_16]
They're there to protect intellectual property, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
So I have no explanation as to why we're we're vaccinating the way we do and why we actually think that we're smarter than our immune system.

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, I think part of the problem is that nobody knows that nobody's dying from rubella or measles or, you know, I could research some of the other ones, but this is, this is quite stunning that here we're vaccinating our kids against something that is not a threat.
It's crazy.
It's like, oh man.
I never, it never ceases, some of this stuff just never ceases to it leaves me, I gotta tell you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I was counsel for the Stephans, which were a couple in Canada basically, you know, criminally charged because the state was saying publicly, it's a complete lie saying that their child died of Bacteria meningitis because they wouldn't vaccinate.
So this was a vaccine show trial and, you know, for meningitis.
And I had hired a couple of experts for the trial.
one of them being Dr. Tony Bark who's no longer with us.
And Tatiana, I forget her last name, she's from Harvard.
And I learned that.
So for bacterial meningitis, it's homophilia influenza, and there's like type A, B, C, D, E, F, and then a whole bunch of types they haven't.
Well, we vaccinate for type B.
And in Alberta, I think it's for all North America, no kid now gets
meningitis with type B, although we're still vaccinating for it.
But as many kids are now dying of bacterial meningitis as before, because now it's just other types that have stepped in.
But here's the interesting part is the experts told me, well, no kid in North America was dying of type B until we introduced a different vaccine for something else.
And a consequence of this other vaccine program was, you know, kids started dying of bacterial meningitis from type B.
And I just thought, you know, like here I've got two experts telling me this, surely everyone else knows this that bothers to look into it.
Like even the idea, you know, again, that we can outsmart our immune system is just it boggles my mind, the hubris that we just accept.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep.
But that's what they're trained in medical school to do.
So.
Yep.
It's tough to break the cycle, but we definitely have to keep trying.
So thank you.
Thank you very much for all your efforts, and thanks for being here today.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, Steve, thanks for what you're doing.
You're making a difference, and just an honor to be on your show.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow, what a fantastic and interesting and educational conversation they just had.
I want to welcome Nurse Angela to follow up with this interview.
Thank you for joining us, Nurse Angela on BSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_14]
Hi, Olivia.
It's so great to see you.
I can't wait to see you next week, actually in person.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, we'll be at the Reawaken America Tour conference in Detroit next week, and we're going to be live next week from there doing VSRF Live.
And also, I understand you were contacted by Sean during the show that he is going to join us for some Q&A.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_14]
He will.
He will be joining us in about five minutes.
He has actually been in hearings all day long in Canada with expert witnesses.
So I can't wait to hear what he has to say, how his day went.
I know he's had a very long day interviewing the best of the best, just like Steve was one of his expert witnesses.
So I'm really looking forward to hearing how his day went and then answering some of your questions.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, so if you're still with us, hang in there and especially, I know we've got tons of questions for Sean.
So hang in there for a few minutes and Sean's going to join us live and we'll get to those questions.
But like you mentioned next week, we will be at reawaken America.
And, and I think you also said we're going to have a special guest join us live from the conference in Detroit.
Who's that?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes.
So we have Dr. Simone Gold, the very brave and courageous woman.
She will be speaking about digital currency.
She'll be speaking about what actually happened on J6.
She might even share some very personal stories of ways that they tried to attack her and frame her for things that she did not do.
And she actually won.
So it's going to be really, really interesting.
We will be live there with her.
I'm really looking forward to being there.
I will actually be one of the speakers at this event.
I'm speaking about Medical Freedom 101 and, you know, are these vaccines safe?
And what I really love, you know, and thanks to all of our viewers, we're so grateful.
for all of you, because we actually have to keep on making a difference.
And one of the things in this interview that Steve did that I really enjoyed is he's always talking about, well, what can we do?
You know, it's not enough to just preach every week to the choir.
Complaining we actually have to take action and so one of those ways of doing it is to actually speak to thousands of people and Steve is obviously in Geneva right now or on his way there and then Livio and I will be there along with Amanda who's our amazing event planner.
To speak and we are not stopping we we know that this is not the end and we have to keep on fighting so it's gonna be really great and exciting and so looking forward to hearing from doctor gold live from Detroit and Feel free to tune in and watch us on clay Clark's show.
It's gonna be really fantastic.
We're looking forward to it.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, it should should be really fun.
So I want to ask you to follow up on that interview with Sean and Steve and what's happening with the way he framed how recommendations of these generic or vitamins or even water if someone's got a problem or a health issue.
If you recommend someone you could be.
uh, held like they can arrest you or find you.
What, how would that work?
And is there anything even like that remotely now?
I'm, I'm shocked by what he was saying.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's, it's really terrifying.
I mean, if it can happen in Canada, it can happen here.
And so we just have to stop, you know, our bodies are our choice and we should be allowed to put whatever we want in them.
And our privacy with our relationship with our doctors is so vital and so important.
Government shouldn't be involved.
States shouldn't be involved.
Places of work shouldn't be involved.
We have the right to decide what we want and what is best for our body, whether it be vitamins or medications or vaccines, these dangerous vaccines that we choose not to put in our body.
But it should be our choice.
And nobody should be jailed for speaking about any of this.
We are supposed to live in a free country.
And we have to keep fighting for that.
We have to fight for our medical freedom.
It's vital.

[SPEAKER_11]
Before COVID, when you were a nurse under the prior system before COVID hit, did pharmacists or any sort of agency like the CDC ever control or were there guidelines with what you prescribed or not even prescribed just recommended some of your patients should do?
Was there anyone in between you and your patient or the doctor and the patient?

[SPEAKER_14]
You know, that's a really good question.
I think that because I trusted so much in these organizations, I was blind to the reality of what was happening.
When I look back and realize that kids were forced to get vaccines to go to school here in California where I live,
It's mind-boggling.
I mean, I complied because I didn't know any better.
Fortunately, I had great pediatricians who delayed all of them, spaced them really far apart, and thank God my daughter is not vaccine injured.
But it's been happening all along, even before COVID.
I just wasn't aware because I believed everything they told me.
And it wasn't until what happened with my own vaccine injury and then realizing through our organization and all the work that the amazing Steve Kirsch has done
how bad this has been really for a long, long time.

[SPEAKER_11]
It was interesting when Steve asked Sean about
Who is running Canada?
And I want to ask Sean about that a little bit, because it seemed like he sort of knew but didn't say too much.
I think he said, I don't know.
It's not our government.
But we know that the World Economic Forum has been plotting all kinds of stuff for us for a long time.
I found this clip, I mean, I've been watching a lot of these clips from Yuval Harari.
And I found a short little sound bite that he gave at the World Economic Forum Conference in 2018.
And it involves the future of, well, let's take a look, let's take a listen to what he says.

[SPEAKER_13]
You talked about different exchanges in the world.
Maybe the most important exchange in this respect will be in healthcare.
The big battle over what we today call privacy will be between privacy and health.
Do you give access to what is happening inside your body and brain in exchange for far better healthcare?
And my guess is that health will win, hands down.
People will give up their privacy in exchange for healthcare and maybe in many places they won't have a choice.
I mean they won't even get insurance if they are unwilling to give access to what is happening inside their bodies.

[SPEAKER_00]
Right, so another big exchange
that will not involve money, but still be very, very important.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow, that is frightening.

[SPEAKER_11]
Their use of language is really thoughtful, like the way he says, health will win.
But you will give up all your privacy, all your bodily autonomy.
And actually, money won't even matter.
It's just going to be, we'll cut you off.
if you don't do what we tell you to do with your health and your body.

[SPEAKER_14]
Exactly.
I mean, he said you won't even be able to get health insurance if you don't give up your privacy.
Privacy is of the utmost importance when it comes to health.
I mean, that's why there's HIPAA laws.
And to, I mean, they're already doing it, Livio.
For example, with the COVID vaccine, if you are not vaccinated, you can't get an organ donation.
I mean, they're already manipulating us.
and punishing those that choose not to take this deadly vaccine.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wait, that's still happening now?
Like if you need a transplant of some sort and you're unvaccinated, you can't get one?

[SPEAKER_14]
It is.
It is absolutely still happening.
I mean, they are discriminating against.
people who choose not to be vaccinated.
So it's really terrifying.
I mean, they're doing it right underneath us and people don't realize that this is occurring.
So I love when they say that a lot of the liberals are my body, my choice, but that somehow doesn't seem to apply when it comes to vaccines, when it comes to wanting to put great supplements in your body that can help prevent you from getting sick with COVID.
It's really, it's actually terrifying.
It's really terrifying that they're doing this without people realizing what's going on.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, this trans agenda and I mean trans humanist agenda.
They've been plotting this for a while.
I don't know if you knew this about me, but I worked in virtual reality way back in 2015.
I was creating content, editing virtual reality videos and documentaries and films.
And one of the things that I was told right off the bat when I started working in VR is that
View will be able to, well, they actually, it was the first time I'd heard the term in 2015, which was the metaverse.
They're creating the metaverse and they will be able to download your memories.
And at the time it sounded so Star Trek and science fiction.
I didn't really understand.
Yeah, that's, that's.
Yeah, right, whatever.
But now, and there's many more talks from Yuval Harari, which maybe I'll trickle some of them out over the next few weeks, little lines that he's talking about, that exact thing where basically artificial intelligence and humans will merge and we will just be programmed.
We're basically going to be data-mined and controlled by those who own the data, the software,
that will be programmed into our bodies.

[SPEAKER_14]
Wow.
Wow.
I mean, some of the things that we used to think were good are actually really bad.
And I, you know, I didn't realize we see it in medicine.
We have
know a lot of robotics which has actually helped medical technology by doing things with robots because as we know humans do make mistakes but now in a lot of these ICUs we have doctors who are very remote and they'll be managing ICUs from afar and so you don't get that one-on-one care with with your doctor and I thought oh well that's kind of good you know doctors can be there managing all these patients and
But now I'm realizing how terrifying it is that we are, what we're doing.
I mean, the 15 minute cities, the control of, even digital currencies, these texts to donate, I'm really curious to hear what Simone Gold has to say next week about these scan codes that we use.
Just ways of controlling us, controlling our money.
So we need to be aware, we need to be prepared.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, and thank you, D.R.
Laura for saying that in the chat about we, yeah, we are not, we, however, we all need community.
I think it's really important that all of us here really continue working and building our own communities locally, our commute, our online communities like this, because we in this movement are what we have to combat this, this,
frightening future.
So yes, getting back to nature, growing your own food, using natural supplements while they're available, stocking up on them, because it does seem like they're going to make it really difficult to just get anything that's actually good for you.
Real food, real vitamins.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's paying with cash.
I mean, I'm hearing of places that actually won't even take cash.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, yeah, that was happening in Manhattan back in before 2020.
There were tons of little places in New York City, try to go get a burrito and pay cash.
No, you couldn't.
So I would just walk out of those places.
I go, fine, I'm not giving you my business.

[SPEAKER_14]
Now that's what we need to do.
People won't allow you to pay cash.
We need to just walk away.
And I love that Steve is so goal-oriented.
You know, Steve always talks about what can we do?
He's so focused on what are we going to do next?
And he's planning in his head and he's thinking about what can we do to stop this because it's just not enough to be upset about it.
We actually have to take action and
And I just wanted to give you guys an update.
I just heard from Sean Buckley.
He is almost finished.
He's still on the stand.
He says we are just waiting for the commissioner to finish the hearing, but he should be with us in a few minutes.
I don't know, Olivia, if you want to play a little clip of that reawakening that we're going to play at the end.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, let's do this because you actually sent me a photo during the conversation.
Steve is actually in Geneva.
Right?
He's going to the road to Geneva and he actually just met in person for the first time.
A very good friend, Dr. Jessica Rose, I thought I'd share this photo that you sent me.
Look how cute they look.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you.
You're so cute.
We are such great friends with Dr. Rose.
She's such a wealth of knowledge and information.
She's been fighting this from day one.
She was the one who did a deep dive in
in data and research with Steve to show the world how bad these vaccines are.
And we communicate with her a lot, and her safety has been of utmost importance to us as well.
So I'm glad that they're both there safe.
And I'm so glad that they're together.
They look so, so happy.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, and we also know that the World Health Organization Pandemic Treaty has been temporarily stopped.
So there's been a nice victory for the good guys.
But I don't think they're done.
They're not done.
They're going to do a work run.
So it's even more important to keep the pressure on and the work that they're doing.
in Geneva, and maybe I should play that real quick before this.
Here's a little video of where Steve's at on the road to Geneva.

[SPEAKER_08]
On June 1st, we call upon all freedom advocates around the world to gather in front of the World Health Organization, CHU, headquarters in Geneva.
This is a call to all those who oppose the tyrannical agenda seeking to impose a slavery agenda through health dictatorship.
And accelerate its transition to that scene.
We need to reinvent democracy vaccines for a lot of extantist epidemics.
Our goal is clear, to resist oppression and defend our individual freedoms and national sovereignty.

[SPEAKER_12]
Dr. Andrew Nazarango from the United States, president and co-founder of the inspired network and co-leader of the Geneva Project.
We would like to personally and sincerely welcome you to join us in a historic convergence in the Geneva Switzerland on June 1st.
We hope to see you in Geneva on June 1st.

[SPEAKER_07]
Traveling to Geneva to see all of you.
where in our thousands we can gather and collectively say no to the World Health Organization.

[SPEAKER_03]
Please come to Geneva for the events on May 31st and June 1 and help stop this global takeover.

[SPEAKER_05]
Traveling soon to Geneva, Switzerland to meet with you and so many others to participate in the upcoming conference in Raleigh.

[SPEAKER_06]
We're here in Convoy, converging in Geneva and Saturday the 1st of June where we'll be powerfully saying no to the WHO and yes to our freedom and our future.
June 1st, Geneva, I'll be there.

[SPEAKER_01]
I can't wait to join you all in Geneva on the 1st of June.

[SPEAKER_09]
On the 1st of June, in Geneva, with this great movement, we are the change.

[SPEAKER_01]
Come to Geneva on the 1st of June.

[SPEAKER_14]
Let's go to Geneva and be part of a great event for women.
Come to Geneva on the 1st of June.

[SPEAKER_04]
large international public assembly at the World Health Organization.

[SPEAKER_03]
Join us June 1st when we take back the world in Geneva.

[SPEAKER_08]
The time has come to make our voices heard.
Join us in front of the Dawaitejo in Geneva on June 1st and be part of the largest freedom rally ever seen.
They are few, but we are eight billion.
Together, we can and will make a difference.
Say no to the WHO.
Say yes to freedom.
Share this call with all your friends, family and colleagues.
Together, let's make this event a landmark in the history of the fight for freedom.
Join us.
Say no to the WHO.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
And that's it.
Exciting.
I wish we could be there with everyone and with Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
me too.
So many great people I know, Brad from five times August is on his way, Ernest left yesterday to seize a speaker there, Ernest who lost his son, his 16 year old son due to the Pfizer vaccine.
So it's amazing.
And I'm really impressed with with the level of safety that they are doing to keep everybody safe and protected, especially in the wake of what happened last week with the Prime Minister of Slovakia.
And I don't know if that had to do with him speaking out against
the WHO or against the vaccines, but they attempted to assassinate him, which was really terrifying.
So I do know that we are keeping Steve very safe.
They have a lot of security, which was my most importance for him.
It was really terrifying.
But Steve was like, I'm not afraid of anything.
What are they going to do to me?
I need to speak my mind and I'm going to go.
And so I'm really proud that he is wanting to travel halfway around the world to make a difference and be part of this.
And this is actually only part one.
They are continuing this conference back in the US later towards the end of the year.
So they are coming up with ways of actually making change and what they're going to do about the medical system.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
And it's great that the international community is coming together because
in the U.S., again, it's still not in top of mind of most of the normies in America.
They're all focused on today's verdict.
I can't even look at my social media because I still have a lot of old friends, if you can call them friends, on my social media.
And it's as if, oh, okay, everything's fine in the world now.
It's really tragic and all it does is lead to more tyranny, right?
They're afraid of the authoritarianism that Trump, that they're afraid that he would bring, but actually they don't even see the tyranny that the Biden administration has been subverting us with.
And all Biden would do is actually support handing over US sovereignty to the World Health Organization.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Yeah, I think that it's really necessary to bring the world together, because like Sean Buckley was saying, it's strength in numbers.
It's one of the things that we need to do is we need to stand up.
Nurses, doctors, citizens, everybody needs to get loud.
And we need to do that.
We can't just do it here in the US.
I love that we interviewed Sean and he's going to be coming on shortly.
And the fact that we are collaborating with people and leaders.
Andrew Briggins is going to be there from the UK speaking.
But we're joining forces with everybody around the world to stop this tyranny and this madness.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, and I still have some friends who haven't woken up to any of this stuff and who are vaccine injured.
And they're starting to realize something's not right because now when they get their treatment, they're sort of brushed off and they get frustrated with how they're not able to even see a doctor now and everything is this telehealth.
And when they tell the nurse that they're able to talk to on the phone or on the computer,
They give up their symptoms and then they're assigned what they have and given a prescription medicine like, you know, Pax Lovett or one of these other things.
It is, so on the good news of that, maybe some of these people can be reached and more people can sort of wake up and come and learn some stuff from people like we bring on on our show.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I feel like times are changing a little bit too with more knowledge.
I was actually earlier today, we had a court hearing for our case against UCLA and UCSF and UC San Francisco.
I think most people know that I'm suing along with six other plaintiffs, but it's a class action lawsuit with 200, we're representing 220,000 employees and
Warner Mendenhall is one of our attorneys and he says it's actually the largest lawsuit in the history.
And so we had a hearing this morning and I felt that it actually went really, really well.
Our attorneys did amazing and the attorneys representing the hospitals, I felt weren't as great as ours.
And the judge actually said, I really want to take my time and think about this and I'm gonna get back with you guys in 24 hours.
So I'll be happy to report next week how this hearing went today.
But yeah, we just,
We have to keep on fighting.
And I think too, Livio, people are waking up.
People are curious.
The judge was curious to hear about the vaccine injured and what is going on, what the hospitals are hiding.
There was this post and I'll read it.
And I got a lot of attention on social media.
It says, they pulled a shot off the market.
This is talking about AstraZeneca.
They said, they pulled a shot off the market that they mandated you to take.
Don't lose touch with how crazy that actually is.
And so with the pulling of drugs like AstraZeneca, which we didn't have in this country, but it's one of the drugs that in my country, where I'm from in the Seychelles,
they were mandated to take there.
And it's a drug that was used in other countries.
So people were mandated to take it.
And now it's been pulled off the market because of how unsafe it is.
And they have a surplus of the vaccines.
And so people are starting to realize, like, wow,

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, they were, but they, they spun that with public relations propaganda and they said, Oh, we have too much and people aren't using it.
So we'll just sort of hide that.
And no, there was not an assassination attempt on Steve.

[SPEAKER_14]
Uh, just I saw that in the chat and that was that was fico that was the prime minister of The lock yeah, yeah was speaking out against the who and the vaccines and the mandates he was shot five times and it hit him in the stomach and he was in critical condition and I haven't really had a chance to follow up to see how he's doing but It was very scary.
It was scary for me when he they attempted to assassinate him because
We know that Steve is the number one misinformation super spreader and Steve will not stop talking and, you know, is very scary with what he did with the data dump with New Zealand.
I mean, Steve is relentless.
He will stop at nothing and he is not worried about his safety.
He cares more about the safety of our country and the world than he cares about the safety of himself.
In fact,
you know, kind of funny story, but when I asked Steve, this is before this prime minister, they attempted to assassinate him.
We were working with the people in Geneva and they wanted to know if he needed private security.
Of course, they're going to have a lot of private security where he's speaking and at the rally, but they wanted to know if he needed additional private security to get him from the airport and transport him around.
Steve's like, I don't need security.
What are you talking about?
I don't need security.
And he's like, what are they going to do to me?
And I said, Steve,
We have to take your security very seriously.
It's like, I don't care.
I will speak my mind.
I will speak my truth.
If there are any whistleblowers that want to, we actually have more whistleblowers that haven't come forward that are planning on speaking with us.
So I can't wait for that to happen.
There's just a few things that we're dealing with right now, but.
Steve won't stop.
And I absolutely I love that about him.
I love his fierceness.
I love his how relentless he is.
I love how he just wants to help people and even at his at his own expense.

[SPEAKER_11]
So I did ask Steve to try to get some video footage and lots of photos.
So we'll see what he comes back with from from that event.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, definitely.
Definitely.
I did get another message from Sean.
They keep asking questions.
I'll share a little picture with you, Livio.
And maybe you could show everybody where Sean is right now.
But he is still planning on coming on.
He's trying to wrap it up.
And I don't know if you can grab that, Livio, and show it.

[SPEAKER_11]
I'll see if I can.
Well, we'll keep bantering over here and see if Sean can make it over here, if people are willing to hang in.

[SPEAKER_14]
He's planning on coming on.
He keeps telling me.
He's on the stand right now as we speak, and so he's trying to hopefully get them to wrap up really soon.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, then we'll stay on live for as long as people want to.
And if you have questions for Nurse Angela or even me, go ahead and put them in the chat and we'll do our best to answer any questions.
Obviously, I'm not a doctor or a nurse, so I cannot answer any of your medical questions.
But if you have any questions for Nurse Angela, for sure, ask away.
And I was curious, back to your trial, if Warner mentioned that the judge, and you sort of mentioned it, is he open and favorable to, or is he one of these not closed-minded and just assumes that everyone's crazy who's anti-vaxx, as they call it?

[SPEAKER_14]
He seemed really open.
He seemed really, really open.
I was impressed.
I felt like the judge was actually being kinder to Warner and Jeremy, our other attorney.
than he was to the attorneys for the hospital, to the UC hospital.
He seemed very, he was very kind.
He listened.
He asked questions.
He, you know, asked questions about Nuremberg Code, about Jus Kanjens.
He was, he didn't shut things down.
And of course, Jeremy and Warner Mendenhall are amazing with their data and their facts.
And, you know, we're hoping to take this to trial.
We are hoping that it'll
get put in front of a jury with a lot of evidence.
They plan on bringing a lot of expert witnesses, a lot of doctors in the movement.
When this case was filed a couple of years ago, and I know Dr. Christopher Rakes, who's an anesthesiologist who started this lawsuit, he was really impatient in the beginning because he was that brave doctor, that brave anesthesiologist who refused the vaccines.
And he's very religious.
He also refused to get a religious exemption because he felt that it wasn't fair to his partners that were anesthesiologists who were atheist.
So he wanted to stick up for people that were not religious.
And so he basically walked away from a dream job where he had been at for a long time down at UCLA.
And he was very impatient with this lawsuit.
He wanted things to happen really fast.
And we've actually been adding more plaintiffs, more people that I know from the hospitals that have been injured, were representing people that were forced to get it even if they weren't injured because it's a violation.
They weren't given informed consent.
You don't get informed consent if you're coerced to take something that's
That's not consent if they're making you sign a piece of paper, but saying you have to take it.
That violates the rules of informed consent.
So now Dr. Rake is saying, it's actually great that this case is taking so long because more and more evidence has come forward.
We have a lot of witnesses, like Pierre Corrie,
just tons of freedom fighters, all the doctors in our movement want to be part of this lawsuit and then present their evidence.
And the more time that goes on, the more evidence that we have that is coming forward.
And so it's actually great that it's dragging on as long, but the judge in my opinion was excellent.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I was going to ask like, since it is dragging on, then more things unfold, more data comes out and do more people come out other than like, are there any more vaccine injured that come forward?

[SPEAKER_14]
Absolutely.
The other person I was thinking of that's going to be an expert witness is Kevin McKernan.
Yeah.
So we actually just added an additional
uh employee from my department so it's kind of crazy the department that I worked in we had you know a pediatrician an obgyn injured we had the obgyn's son who died from the vaccine we just added um and of course there was tons of people in my hospital who got injured you know one of the technicians who did my cardiac MRI said oh my gosh
You're so young.
Why are you in this MRI machine?"
And I said, well, because I had heart problems after the vaccine.
And she was 26, and she said, me too.
She said, I missed six months of work because I was having palpitations and tachycardia.
So lots of people are injured.
We just added a new person to the case who actually was also in my department.
He had a vaccine injury to a flu shot.
previously, because we were mandated to get the flu shot every single year, and he had an exemption for the flu vaccine.
And so when this COVID vaccine, just like me with the COVID vaccine, I will never take another vaccine ever again in my life.
And after he was injured with the flu vaccine, he said, I don't want to take any more because obviously my body, I don't trust my body with these vaccines.
They told him that his exemption for the flu vaccine made no difference.
The COVID vaccine was a different platform and he had to take it.
So he takes dose number one, has a horrible reaction, feels awful.
And of course, he needed to take the vaccine in order to work.
He has bills to pay and kids to feed.
So they forced him to take dose one.
He took it.
He felt awful.
And then three weeks later, he took dose two because they forced him, despite him having the reaction.
And he felt awful.
missed like almost a year's worth of work and it became disabled, went on disability.
So what the hospitals have done to people has just been awful.
So we are adding people to the case.

[SPEAKER_11]
And is your case specifically about the mandate, the injury both?
What is your exact case on your?

[SPEAKER_14]
Worse suing, I believe on behalf of seven or eight different things.
All sorts of injuries, it's on the mandate, it's on the violation of privacy, right?
Sorry, there's a lot of noise because we actually have from Buckley joining.

[SPEAKER_11]
He's trying to log in right now So yeah, we sound a little office because we're hearing him come in just I just muted him so I'll have to get him to unmute once he's got his camera settle But yeah, he is arrived.
So hang in there They're just getting the camera and microphone situation sorted out and we will bring Sean live shortly to Answer all these questions or as many as we can get to
But you were saying, so there's like all kinds of different issues.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, we're suing for people who weren't even injured.
We're suing for people who were forced to get this to go to work.
We're suing for people who were forced these crazy mandates where they had to have their nose swabbed twice a week just to show up, even though they were perfectly healthy and perfectly fine.
We're suing for the people who were
you know, walked away because they refused to take the shot.
So I think, well, what Warner had said is this is the largest case ever in the history of the U.S. that 220,000 people were representing and we're really, really excited about it.

[SPEAKER_11]
It's I hope it now.
So the phase that it's at, it's on a trial or it's going to, or is it to go to trial?
Is it discovery?
Where are you at?

[SPEAKER_14]
We're waiting to get to discovery.
And then after discovery, then we'll be notified whether or not it can proceed to trial.

[SPEAKER_11]
So would that be a jury trial or would that be?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, we're hoping for a jury trial.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_11]
And is there any possibility that they might settle along the way?

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't know.
That's a good question for Warner and Jeremy.
I don't know if they would or not.
I can't speak for them or their strategies, but I personally wouldn't want to settle.
I would want to take this to a jury and expose in front of a jury with all of the experts like Kevin and Pierre and Peter and all of these fabulous people who have
all of the medical data proving that this was wrong, that this was fraudulent, what happened in the clinical trials with the people injured, the fact that all the vaccines that we got here in the US were not what was
used in the trial, the comradity, and I can never say that word, comradity.
That's what they use for the clinical trials.
That's not what was injected into our bodies here in the US.
So there's all sorts of just fraudulent, horrific things that happened.
And, you know, we can't wait to expose that in front, in a court.

[SPEAKER_11]
Oh, well, I really do hope it goes all the way and you guys win.
That would be epic and monumental.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, yes.

[SPEAKER_11]
I wanted to ask you about something that Steve and Sean were talking about, maybe as a transition.
He vanished, but hopefully he'll be right back, about meningitis.
I got meningitis back in like 1999.
And the way I was treated by my doctors, he put me in isolation.
And they gave me IV for pain and to keep me hydrated.
But they didn't give me anything.
They let my natural immune system, and it was viral meningitis, they let my natural immune system fight the virus.
for like five days and then I was better.
There was no anything else.
He actually just helped me get as comfortable as I could.
And I've never gotten another viral infection since.
But I was curious if you ever experienced that as a nurse way back with other people getting meningitis.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, meningitis is very interesting.
And I think that one of the things with meningitis that's really critical, and it's one of those things that actually medical care is crucial.
If you have signs and symptoms of meningitis, back pain, neck pain, stiffness in the neck, difficulty moving, it's actually pretty vital to get to the emergency room.
And one of the things that actually needs to be done is a spinal tap.
And I know there's risks associated with that.

[SPEAKER_11]
They gave me a spinal tap actually at the emergency room.

[SPEAKER_14]
Perfect.

[SPEAKER_11]
I mean, sorry, Angela, we should bring on Sean because he's here and I don't want to keep him waiting.

[SPEAKER_14]
I don't either.
Let's get him on.

[SPEAKER_11]
Here we go.
Sean, welcome back to VSRF Live.
So great to see you.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, very, very good to be here.
So sorry, we had some technical problems.
So we're just having to do this on a phone.
Hopefully the sound is good.

[SPEAKER_14]
Tell us what, I just saw you on the stand there.
What happened today?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, okay, so your viewers, if they don't know about the National Citizens Inquiry is, so we're just a group of citizens that got together, appointed four independent commissioners, and we have been for the last year and a half marching them across the country.
So this is our ninth city.
So we've had, this is our 25th
day of hearing evidence, the witnesses are all called under oath, questioned by lawyers, and then questioned by commissioners.
So we're in the province of Saskatchewan.
So that's a state just above North Dakota.
And we call it a legislature.
So the state government, we call it provincial government, but I'll just use American terms.
So the state government, we just have a
a member that is still in the legislature, but she's no longer with the governing party, but she was during COVID.
And so when the government ministers would be meeting in caucus during COVID, they basically had no input.
So they weren't even briefed on why there was a masking mandate.
They weren't briefed on why the schools were closed and they didn't have any input.
They weren't briefed on the vaccine mandates in the identity papers.
required and citizens couldn't go to hockey games or access anything but essential services.
And it's somewhat scary to learn that here we have the largest intrusion of government in our lives, except even in wartime it wasn't this bad.
And yet our elected representatives are having no input.
It seemed to be coming from outside and dictated just like upon the government.
It was quite fascinating testimony.
It's that type of thing that I've been up to all day.
If anyone wants to watch us tomorrow, just go to nationalcitizensinquiry.ca.
We do .ca for Canada.
And we have some people impersonating us.
So it has to be nationalcitizensinquiry.ca.
But we'll be live streaming.
So we've got some fantastic evidence tomorrow, including Robert Chambers, who is part of the Pfizer Dump Project, is going to be
discussing some evidence that is shocking.
We've got Jim Thorpe tomorrow.
We've got a bunch of different experts.
But it's the lay witnesses, the ordinary Canadians that take the stand that make the difference.
We had a witness today, Richard Fair, who we got vaccinated because he had two furs work.
And, you know, roughly two months later, he has a heart attack.
He basically had one of those big, you know, earthworm clots plugging his heart.
His heart was perfectly fine.
No hardening of the arteries.
Just the main artery was plugged by one of these amyloid.
Whatever you call them.
And luckily, yes, like he's literally walking out from work because he was feeling so sick.
And then he has no memory until he wakes up.
in ICU ventilated and his wife saying, fight, fight, fight, right?
So, but apparently an army veteran saw him fall, pulled over, gave him CPR.
You know, he had to be revived nine times, you know, 17 times to get the heart going.
And so he was without oxygen for so long that his large intestines died and they had to pull him out.
It was just a whole mess.
who's just in testimony.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's the same thing we're seeing with all these athletes dropping dead.
You know, it's one thing when you what a lot of people say is that, you know, these people are old or people have heart attacks all the time.
But we know now when we're having young kids dropped out of heart attacks, I can tell you and my 17 years at the hospital as a charge nurse of pediatrics, we didn't see this.
Um, even when I would go down to the ER for the traumas that would come in or the heart attacks, it's like, it just, it wasn't that common.
And now it's just a common thing.
So I know we have, we have a ton of questions for you, Sean.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Actually, when you just mentioned that it could be live streamed or we can watch it, somebody, uh, RIL 19 supporter asked, can visitors come and observe the lawsuit in person?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, it's actually, it's not a lawsuit.
So.
It's an inquiry.
So we have four commissioners that then also ask questions and they're independent.
But yeah, if you're in the Regina area, absolutely.
We're at the Mosaic Stadium on the third floor and everyone's welcome.
So it's definitely open to the public.
So we live stream it for people that can't attend.
And that's by far our largest audience.
But anyone that's in the area is welcome to come.
It's open to the public.

[SPEAKER_11]
Great.
So if you're in the region, go, go support what, what they're, what Sean and others are doing there.
All right.
So I got a question from we when do you think Canada will hire immigrants to use for enforcement of draconian measures?
Are we, as we see hiring on police forces, is that why this massive immigration is being allowed?

[SPEAKER_15]
Okay.
So now this is pure speculation.
Um, I actually think that, and,
And just so you know, like Canada about two weeks ago in the federal budget bill put in changes to our Food and Drug Act, which is clearly signaling that they expect another pandemic and they're maneuvering to have even more powers to kind of correct weaknesses and government liability they saw next time.
So I'm now of the opinion that sooner than later, perhaps this fall, because everything rotates, even though we're in Canada,
The whole world rotates around what's doing in the United States because you're the beacon of freedom.
It's like everyone's grieving that you've been so divided with all this lies and mainstream media stuff.
But the speculation outside of the U.S. is, will you be allowed to have a U.S. election?
So are we going to have a war?
Are we going to have a pandemic?
What is it going to be that's going to disrupt the election?
It looks like the Canadian government is maneuvering for the next pandemic, the next set of lockdowns, the next, you know, forced MNRA vaccine.
So do I think it would be immigrants?
No, I think it would be UN troops because you need trained troops.
Like our army has been systematically gutted and it's smaller than the New York City police force now and it's starved of equipment.
And, you know, likely would not be willing to go
door-to-door anyway.
I mean, do you think your National Guardsmen or your Army would be willing to drag Americans out of their homes and forcefully jab them?
Yeah, they wouldn't surprise me, actually, Sean.
The group just does what they're supposed, what they're told to do.
Like I, my belief in the human nature and condition is, had to be totally undone.
So I don't know, but more likely that it would be you and troops.

[SPEAKER_11]
I don't know if you remember the Boston bombing at the marathon and they pretty much locked down Boston and the suburbs and they were going through the streets of Boston searching for the suspects.
But they were going through with like the stormtrooper military and the tanks through the streets and through the neighborhoods and telling people to stay in their homes while they were searching.
So it was kind of preparing us for this kind of a situation down in the future where they can lock you down and then send military into

[SPEAKER_15]
cities like boston yeah it does kind of condition you doesn't you know doesn't it you know what a trick they play up here in canada so like you know i live in the province of a bird and and there's a town called high river for a reason and the last time they had a big flood and so they forced everyone to evacuate and then whenever you're out of your homes they go in and search your home for guns oh they can go into your homes without you can't it's it's a hundred percent illegal i'm just saying they do it right
So now every time they evacuate anyone for forest fire or whatever, they go into your homes and they search for guns.
It's a complete violation of our rights.
But our rights don't matter anymore because if the state prosecutors aren't enforcing things because it's the government breaking the law, then we don't have rule of law anymore.
And in my opinion, we don't have rule of law in Canada anymore.

[SPEAKER_11]
And has anyone sued for having their privacy violated like that?

[SPEAKER_15]
You know I don't recall if they have or hadn't but you know I practiced constitutional law in Canada for 30 years and I discourage people from going against the government because they have a playbook to financially exhaust you and to you know emotionally and spiritually exhaust you so you'll file your pleadings and whether they're you know perfectly good or not you're going to be facing a motion to have your pleadings struck and every affidavit everything is contested
so that you'll get, you'll run out of cash.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right, they'll bleed you dry.

[SPEAKER_15]
Virtual energy, like it's like a playbook on how, you know, not to have the rule of law, because the rule of law, I mean, we can go back to the Magna Carta and I appreciate that the Magna Carta only applied, you know, between William of Orange and the nobles, but still for the first time, the crown was consenting, at least with this small group, we're all going to be equals in court.
There's going to be no advantage for me, and we've just expanded that to where we believe the average citizen is the same as our king in court.
But it's not the case when your Department of Justice is not acting the way they should.
If we had rule of law, understanding the citizen doesn't have the resources the Department of Justice has, the Department of Justice would go, well, what's the real issue?
Let's admit everything else, and let's just
you know, is inexpensively and reasonably as possible, have a court determine the real issue.
But no, they take the position, we need to exhaust you, we need to destroy you.
And I mean, I've learned as a lawyer, I mean, I will tell, I will, you'll never have a client will go against the government twice.
And I just tried to discourage people now because we don't have rule of law.
I mean, I've come to believe that the Department of Justice, and this would be the same for the United States,
long term is inconsistent with the western liberal democracy because they become an institution in an adversarial system and they become too powerful and too biased.
And the citizen at West End.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I guess that's sound advice or you're giving people in those situations along this line.
Here's a question from, um, let me see if I get the right one.
Bob Monroe, eight, eight, eight.
We know without question that the jab is bio weapon that has killed thousands of people.
How do we get some of these key people arrested?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, aren't we back to the rule of law problem?
Aren't we?
So, I mean, in Canada,
Like, it's funny, one of the witnesses that's coming to testify in the next two days, I forget now whether he's tomorrow or Saturday, I think he's Saturday, his name's Donald Best.
And he was a, you know, a police officer for his entire career and, you know, high level fraud investigator and international fraud and he's just an expert investigator.
And he carried on with investigation after he retired.
Well, we have a police officer in Ontario Constable Groove who was on a unit that investigated suspicious child death.
And early on in the COVID, she's got parents calling saying, you know, my child died, you know, shortly after I was vaccinated and breastfeeding and that type of thing, where it's her job to investigate suspicious children deaths.
So, you know, infant deaths.
And so she's starting an investigation and basically she gets suspended and is now in the middle of professional misconduct proceedings.
Well, you know, no police officer in the province of Ontario is going to investigate anything to do with COVID because if they start an investigation, they're told to stop.
And if you continue, you're facing professional misconduct.
So the real question is, is how do we get
control of our police forces again, where they'll actually investigate these things.
Because in my opinion, you don't have to be a lawyer to understand that there's been a lot of crimes committed here, and yet there's no investigation.
But the police take directions from the politicians, which is again, I don't know how it is in the United States, but in Canada, for provincial jurisdiction, we have a minister of justice,
that instructs the police.
And federally, we have a minister of justice that, you know, directs the police and the departments of justice.
And that's what we're learning.
Like we're in a revealing where we're learning the problems.
And, you know, all of our institutions, our government system is not premised surprisingly on, you know, the individual having the rights and, you know,
agreeing to government exercising power over them.
It's all based on the fact that no government actually exercises power over the individual.
And we pretend that the individual has some say because, you know, once every four or five years we get to elect a politician that's then completely non responsive to us.
I think we're realizing we need to come up with different legal philosophical basis for our system.

[SPEAKER_14]
What I realized it was the most fraudulent system was when
And I thought this was going to be over with when those participants that were in the clinical trials were injured, severely injured.
And it was so fraudulent that they falsified their records and stated that they weren't injured.
For example, Maddie DeGerry, the 12-year-old girl, she was so severely injured, paralyzed,
you know, feeding tube, seizures, just horrific caused by the vaccines immediately after her second dose and many, many others who were injured and they actually changed the records and lied about their injuries.
Some of them, they even deleted them from the clinical trial because they were so damaged from the first shot, they couldn't get the second one.
So they were deleted from the trial because they couldn't complete that second dose.
That was vital information to study.
Nobody investigated that.
And we even went to the FDA.
I had a meeting with the FDA and the CDC.
And some of these trial participants were there.
And we talked to them about this.
And they promised they would investigate.
And they never did.
And so those clinical trials were based off of fraud.
And nothing has been done.
And here we are years later.
And they're still recommending these vaccines.
So we know what we're up against.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I mean, that's the crazy part is I mean, other than the state of Florida, where you know, Joseph, is it?
And my, my gosh, I'm, he's the only surgeon general that has just stopped to the COVID-19 vaccines.
I mean, in Canada, we're still pushing them on, on children and
You know, we had, we just had a witness, Dr. Roger Hodgkinson say, you know, there's nowhere in the world where we can point to a single healthy child dying of COVID.
I mean, children are more likely to be struck by lightning than die of COVID.
I mean, it's really zero risk at all.
And yet we are vaccinating him and he used the term murder today under oath on the stand in relation to us vaccinating children.
And how do you disagree with that?

[SPEAKER_14]
especially when we have government, you know, peer-reviewed papers from the NIH talking about the risks of myocarditis in young boys.
I mean, our own government has admitted that there's risks for these young boys of having heart damage.
And as I've shared before on previous shows, myocarditis is never mild.
And some of the cases of mild myocarditis have actually led to
you know, one of the clients that I'm helping overseas in Australia, who at 22 years old had to have a heart transplant.
So our government has admitted that it can cause myocarditis.
And we know that young healthy kids are not at risk from COVID, yet we're still pushing it.
We're still pushing it here in the US.
So it's, it's
Yeah.
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, like Paul off it, still out there pushing the kid children vaccines and saying that myocarditis.
It's worth jabbing them because it's so rare, which is complete lie.

[SPEAKER_14]
I can tell you when the heart gets inflamed, there's scar tissue.
Even if it's mild, it has scar tissue.
And all it takes on the heart is one little area to be inflamed with scar tissue for you to have an arrhythmia and go into cardiac arrest.
So even with myocarditis, you can go into cardiac arrest.

[SPEAKER_15]
There's another angle, which people aren't really talking about.
So we had Dr. Roger Hodgkinson on the stand today.
And he's a pathologist, and he was a top-level pathologist.
So he was the chairman.
The board that certifies pathologists in Canada is called the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons.
And he was chairperson of the committee of our Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons that would certify doctors as pathologists after they'd done the residency.
So I mean, he was a top-level pathologist.
And pathology is the study of the progression of disease.
So, you know, some of us think, you know, no pathologists do autopsies.
No, no, no.
Pathologists do do autopsies, but it's a pathologist that's going to look at, you know, your breast tissue slide to say, no, this is cancer or not cancer.
They're the experts in studying the progression of injury and disease.
So they're the doctors, doctors.
And he was talking today about a different mechanism that will cause heart disease in the future.
And he's saying, look, we know that these vaccines and these spike proteins are causing small blood vessels at the capillary level to be blocked.
We're getting these blockages.
And then so the cells fed by that are going to die.
We know that.
And he says, the brain and the heart, they don't repair themselves.
So you're born with the brain cells you're going to have.
You're born with the heart cells you're going to have.
Well, he says, you can be having all this low level damage to your heart with this, you know, capillary failure.
But it's not going to show up clinically.
But as we age and we lose heart cells, well, we have a reserve.
We've got extras.
But if you've killed the extras, he's saying, you know, 10 years out, we could be seeing heart disease explode because we've brought forward when you're going to die of heart disease.
by perhaps decades because we've killed off your reserve.
But clinically, you're not going to manifest.
And I had never heard that before.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, that's what we're saying.
We're seeing heart damage and heart issues years out in people
You know, initially we thought, well, gosh, if you made it through being vaccinated and not having any issue, you were going to be okay.
Now we're seeing people, young people who thought they were okay, who are no longer okay.
And we are just a really backwards country.
I mean, at least some of these other countries around the world are not even allowing people, you know, under 30 years old to get these.
And it just blows my mind when they have zero risk of dying from COVID, you know,

[SPEAKER_15]
Why is North America the worst?
Because, you know, Canada is worse than the U.S., I think, and the U.S. is still jabbing children except for Florida.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Question from Lee Lee 432.
Mr. Buckley, what is your estimate of the percentage of Canadians who are aware of and alarmed by what's going on in Canada?
And do you have hope that Canadians will rise up against it?

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, no, that is a good question and a difficult question.
So how many of us are awake?
And more importantly, how many of us are willing to do anything about it?
I mean, because here we are, how many kids did we kill today by jabbing them in Canada?
I have no idea.
So what percentage of Canadians do I think know what's going on, meaning that they know that the vaccine is dangerous?
I think now there's a difference between dangerous and just wait, this was either intentional or just such a criminal blunder.
Right.

[SPEAKER_16]
They're very two different things.

[SPEAKER_15]
I think a lot of people know that it's dangerous.
I'll give you some anecdotal evidence.
I got my hair cut last week because I've got to be at the inquiry this week and I look semi-respectable.
Now my hairdresser is a wait.
She's of the opinion this vaccine is dangerous.
And in fact, she's harmed by the vaccine.
She didn't want to take it, but her mother's in another country and needed to go into a care home, and she was the only one that could go and do that.
And she's damaged.
But she says that basically everyone who sits in her chair, and that's going to be a broad cross-section, is either talking about being injured or talking about somebody they know who's injured.
But like basically 100% of the time someone's in her chair,
they're talking about injury and you know a percentage understand it's from the vaccine and a percentage doesn't understand it's from the vaccine but I think it's going to get worse and worse where we just surely that the lies going to collapse isn't it like we're not doing any research into childhood deaths we're not doing any research into increased cancers we're not doing any research into you know this myocarditis in teenagers like
The government isn't looking at it.
The regulatory bodies aren't looking at it.
So they're keeping this charade going.
But how long until people just, we've reached this critical mass where it just becomes ridiculous and now people become angry?
Like I think if mothers knew, if mothers knew that they were harming their children and perhaps sterilizing their children, I think they would get angry and it would be game over.
Right.
I think the key are mothers because mothers will not vaccinate the children.
They will not do anything that they think is harmful to their children.
And they'll be angry as can be if they come realize that that they were like in my mind, mothers are the key.
But, you know, I think the Canadian government is positioning to lock us down again this year and try and force a vaccine on us.
I would like to think that the Canadian public will do it again.
You know, they understand that.

[SPEAKER_11]
What do you think they're, what do you think they're going to do to lock Canadians down again?
What is it going to be another virus or some climate change thing?
What, what do you think they're going to do?

[SPEAKER_15]
It's definitely going to be a virus.
So, um, because what just happened is, is they snuck into our food and drug app, um, some amendments in the budget bill.
So, you know, the federal government passes a budget bill for the year and the budget bills are just have those parts in it.
that are necessary for your spending.
If you're creating new programs, you need laws doing that.
If you're tweaking programs, you've got a man existing laws, but they stuck in changes to our Food and Drug Act.
So the first change is that the Minister of Health can prohibit off-label use by doctors.
Well, just wait a second.
Health Canada, which is our equivalent of the FDA, they do drug approval,
But they have no right to be interfering with a doctor's prescription.
Like when a doctor sits down with a patient, the doctor understands the patient's medical history.
The patient has a specific medical condition.
And, you know, if the doctor prescribes a drug off-label use, what right does health Canada or the FDA have interfering with it?
I'm analyzing this and I'm saying it doesn't make sense.
And just so your audience knows what off-label use is.
So let's say Pfizer applies to the FDA to have a drug approved for stage one breast cancer, and their clinical trial was run with women aged 25 to 40.
Well, it's going to be approved for stage one breast cancer in women aged 25 to 40, because that's what the clinical evidence supports.
Well, let's say you've got a 42-year-old with stage 1 breast cancer and the doctor uses that drug, it's now off-label use.
What if you had a male with breast cancer and you used it?
What if it's a drug, you know, we have drugs on the market for so long for one condition and doctors learn it actually works better for something else totally unrelated.
In a given year, you might have the vast majority of your prescriptions off-label.
And by definition, any prescriptions for children or pregnant women or elderly people, you never run clinical trials on those people, it's off-label use.
So we're talking about a significant use of our drugs are off-label.
What right would the FDA have stepping in and interfering with a doctor's prescription to an individual patient?
It makes no sense unless you're thinking, wait a second, this is pandemic.
because the change also allows you to even prohibit anyone from promoting it.
And we're talking $5 million a day fines and two years in jail.
Well, I'm thinking ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.

[SPEAKER_15]
That's off-label use because the next change is we can prohibit humans from accessing veterinary drugs and the promotion of veterinary drugs for off-label use.
Now surely, you know, veterinarians aren't
you know, wrongfully using a drug approved for sheep on goats.
Are they like, is this a problem?
It's not.
But using ivermectin, veterinary ivermectin, that's how Canadians accessed ivermectin during the last pandemic.

[SPEAKER_11]
So they won't need emergency use authorization is what you're saying.
This is just going to be in the law.

[SPEAKER_15]
This is just clues, closing loopholes.
We didn't, we don't have an emergency use pathway.
What the government here did was
So we have in our regular drug regulations, this approval process where you have to prove safety and you have to prove efficacy.
Well, we don't have an emergency pathway like you did.
So the Minister of Health just came out with an interim order, accepting our COVID-19 vaccines from the regular process where you have to prove safety and efficacy and substituting a test and a procedure where safety wasn't even mentioned.
So you didn't not only did you not have to prove safety, it wasn't even mentioned and you didn't even have to
submit your safety data to Health Canada for a COVID-19 vaccine.
And why would you?
Because you don't have to prove safety.
Now, if you didn't submit your safety data, then you had to let them know, you know, well, like went down the road, are you going to provide it?
And it wasn't data to prove safety, it was just the known, the known evidence on safety and the known evidence on efficacy, because you also didn't have to prove it would, it would work.
So
So they were okay there, no liability, but Wear Health Canada and the government of Canada could be liable for the COVID-19 vaccines are fraud, right?
So like we know Pfizer could have liability for fraud because for example, you know, one current thing is with all this DNA contamination, they scrubbed that SV40 was a contaminant.
In fact, and they underreported the DNA contamination
Our government of Canada could be liable for fraud, because I mean they weren't passing this information on a DNA contamination.
And for example, Health Canada has a separate webpage for every vaccine they've approved.
So let's say you went to the Pfizer vaccine, COVID vaccine, the Health Canada page at the top in bold says all COVID-19 vaccines approved up by Health Canada have been proven to be safe.
proven to be effective, and proven to be of the highest quality, well, all of that, in my opinion, is completely false.
And Health Canada knows it's false.
So the government could be liable for fraud.
The government's also in these changes.
The Minister of Health can exempt a drug from adulteration.
Well, adulteration, we're not meaning drug companies substituted safe filler A for safe filler B because they couldn't access A during this manufacturing run.
Adulteration means there's something in there that shouldn't be there.
That's dangerous to humans.
So on what planet is it okay for the minister to exempt adulterated drugs so that Canadians can take it?
Well, except if you're trying to avoid liability for the next MNRA vaccine because you know there's going to be fraud.
You know there's going to be adulteration.
And also the minister can exempt from unsanitary manufacturing, which the EMA pointed out writ large early on in this pandemic with the COVID-19 vaccine.
So to me, it's a shopping list.
And the final thing, which just totally tells me we're going for a pandemic, is that you don't even now have to apply to Health Canada to get a drug approved
If a foreign entity has approved it and foreign entity is defined so broadly, it could include the World Health Organization.

[SPEAKER_11]
Right.
Which we just defeated their treaty, but they're not going to give up.
And that would be really easy then for Canada to take whatever recommendation they make and apply it to citizens of Canada.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
Now, the fact that I wasn't following this, although it's funny we have James Regusky testifying tomorrow on what happens.
Okay.
So isn't that encouraging that there was enough public pressure and weren't there like 29 governors in the U.S. that was opposing?

[SPEAKER_11]
It grew towards the end, yes.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
So that's encouraging, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_11]
Very encouraging.
I'm going to ask one more question because I know you've had a long day, but this is from D.R.
Laura and also from Gotelet on a mountain.

[SPEAKER_15]
Dr. Laura, the embalmer?

[SPEAKER_11]
I believe that might be that might be, um, Sean, aren't the Canadian people getting sick and tired of this corruption?
Are they getting behind anyone who will unseat true dough?
And then there was another similar question.
How is Danielle Smith?

[SPEAKER_15]
So, okay.
So I live in a, so just from your viewers know, so, um, the kind of the Texas of Canada.
So kind of the freest thinking.
you know, province, we don't call it states, is Alberta.
And, you know, if you're from some other state that think you're freer than Texas, I'm just using it as an example.
You know, so the opposite of California, so to speak.
So is Alberta.
And our Premier is Daniel Smith.
And I mean, she had made the comment a couple of years ago that the unvaxxed were the most discriminated against group.
you know, around, and she just got roasted, obviously, by the mainstream media.
And she's, you know, had a couple of kind of mini inquiries concerning COVID, you know, not about the train wreck, but, you know, what was the legal structure?
What can we do better?
And one into our College of Physicians and Surgeons, which isn't out yet.
So, I mean, we're hopeful.
She's the only policy, she's kind of the DeSantis of Canada.
although, you know, definitely not going as far.
But the concern is, is just, you know, her party won't let her, right, that the other MLAs that the faction is too strong.
And I think the problem we have with sitting MLAs is, is I think they're culpable.
I mean, they were present, you know, when this train wreck happened, they, you know, they didn't stand up and say, we shouldn't vaccinate that, you know, we need changes, you know, isn't that
When that's your responsibility, I mean, isn't that criminal negligence?
Maybe the jury's still out on that.
So, and as far as federally unseating Trudeau, I mean, you gotta understand, I mean, the Dominion voting machines are gonna vote for him.
So he's very popular with the Dominion voting machines.
And, you know, the conservative party is predicted to win the next election.
So you guys have Democrats and Republicans
Um, the conservative party would be more akin to the Republicans and the liberal party would be more akin to the Democrats.
So likely we'll have a conservative party, but you know, like who is it?
I think it's Gerald Salente, who, you know, refers to the Democrats and Republicans as basically two game gangs like the Bloods and the Crips.
And really there's no difference.
And, you know, the tell for me watching American politics is, but for Trump,
It didn't matter whether you had a Republican president or a Democratic president internationally.
They were all supporting this, you know, these international trade agreements and World Health Organization and this ever, you know, giving up of national sovereignty to extra national organizations.
So, but for Trump, it just seemed it didn't matter.
And a candidate's the same way.
Like it doesn't, didn't seem to ever matter.
We're always
going into this trans nationalism and supporting the who and supporting the WEF and giving our rights and freedoms away.
So I'm not terribly hopeful.
I mean, I want to see Trudeau out.

[SPEAKER_11]
He's going to be there a while, though, is what you're implying here.

[SPEAKER_15]
I think we're likely to have an election this fall.
And if we have an election too, right?
I mean, if you don't have an election, then things are going to be so hairy.
Maybe we won't either.

[SPEAKER_11]
i mean projection is is we'll have an election in the fall surprise surprise close to your november election so you know i don't know maybe the whole things came back i don't know what to believe any so i i i i i i i gotta ask you shot cuz i'm half cuban my mom's from cuba she was actually in the u.s during the revolution and couldn't go back how many canadiens are what's your take on the castro conspiracy that uh... trudeau is
What do you mean conspiracy?

[SPEAKER_15]
I just want to make sure I understand because a lot of Canadians get really annoyed when people suggest that our prime minister isn't a Castro and We don't understand why people are suggesting that he's not is that the conspiracy you're talking about those people that say he's not talking about those people that when I bring it up there like that's crazy So
Well, I don't know.
I mean, when you see some people put pictures together and it is strikingly similar, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, they have striking resemblance.

[SPEAKER_15]
A striking resemblance and it's possible.
So I don't know.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, thank you for being honest about that.
And, um, thank you for being so generous with your time, both in the prerecord with Steve.
It was such a great conversation and, uh, and, and then coming back afterwards and joining us live and for fighting the fight that you're fighting.

[SPEAKER_15]
I respect what you guys do.
And you guys are making a difference.
And you've, you've got the reach out there.
Anytime you've got a question about, you know, what's going on in Canada, I'd be glad to,
Glad to give you my two cents.
I just really appreciate what you're doing, and it's an honor to participate with you.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you so much, Sean.
I'm just seeing some of the comments from all the people that you're just a hero, and people absolutely love you.
So thank you for what you're doing, because we're all in this together.
We were talking before you came on.
We're so grateful that Steve is in Geneva, and that we have you doing what you're doing, because we need the world together in this.

[SPEAKER_15]
Can I ask one thing?
So I told you about these changes snuck in the federal budget.
And so I'm going to be testifying in front of our finance committee on Monday.
And the NHPPA is trying to create a whole bunch of political pressure.
I think we've had, I think 50,000 letters sent out already on our campaign.
So for Canadians, go to the website NHPPA.org.
So NHPPA.org.
And find our action page and send a letter to your MP on this federal budget bill and also subscribe to our newsletter so we can keep you informed about things we need you to do.
We only send out maybe one a week.
We don't flood you.
We respect your inbox.
But plug in.
Plug in to the NHBPA because we're really trying to protect people's rights.
And like I say, I'll be testifying in
in front of the House of Commons Finance Committee, which is considering this budget bill.
And we need a whole bunch of support behind this bill.

[SPEAKER_11]
Great.
So everyone go to that website, NHPPA.org.
And we'll keep tracking your work there, Sean.
And once you get further down, if you want to come back and give us an update, we'd be happy to bring you back on and keep us updated on what you're doing there in Canada.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yes.
That would be wonderful.
And like I say, anytime you have a question about Canada,
be glad to field it for you.

[SPEAKER_11]
So great.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you so much, Sean.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you, Sean.
Go get some rest now, because you've got more work to do.

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm glad you've written us crap for tomorrow.
I'm not quite ready.

[SPEAKER_11]
All right.
We'll have a great rest of your evening.
We appreciate you coming on.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
And we will be live next week from Detroit, Michigan with Dr. Simone Gold.
We are looking forward to that.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, we will.
You and me, Angela, in Detroit.
Sean, what an awesome, awesome gentleman.
I mean, just one of my new heroes, that's for sure.
And fighting the good fight there.
So thank you all for being here tonight.
Thank you for hanging with us on one of our longer episodes, but it was well worth the wait, having Sean come back on live and answer questions.
And we appreciate all of the donations you've made.
Feel free to continue at
Backsafety.org, backslash donate.
And Angela, I'll see you live and in person next week in Detroit.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_11]
Great.
And I'm going to close out with a little promo for the reawaken tour next week that we'll be at.
Have a great rest of your evening and weekend, everyone, and we'll see you next Thursday.
Have a good night.

[SPEAKER_14]
Good night.
It's a fun video, so check it out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Reawaken Episode 23.
June 6, 7, 7 and 8.
It's time to reawake and to collaborate.
June 6, 7, 7 and 8.
It's time to reawake and to collaborate.
We got Jen Flannits on to Michigan.
Bring the patriots and bring your friends.
Trump depends on the same stage as Jim Brewers sins.
People in the laughter which never ends.
You can name your price on how much you spend.
The reward is America, not dividends.
Comsy, Caspartale, and his friends.
It's movie night Thursday at 4 p.m.
Yes, you can watch the documentary, Jim Flynn.
Then at 7 p.m. you go bowling with him.
And on Friday,
If you're asking when the doors open up at 6 a.m. Amanda Grace in the place at 8 a.m. And then we all gather to see the anthem break off kicks it off with this fight against sin Then Alfie Oaks takes that stage yet again then at 9 20 Jim Brewer speaks until the end then at 10 30 gene Ho strikes again and at 10 40 Michael Vitz drops in 1115.
It's a fly over friends 1130
And then Tracy speaks about autism At 12 o'clock, we got our 10-pin friend At 12.30, Trisha Lindsay wins And at 12.45, Pastor Leon Benjamin
1.30, we gotta turn it down to friends 1.45, Sherwood begins 2.00 PM, Bianca steps in 2.15, it's passed to Action Jackson 2.00, 2.30, it's out of it, Raiklin And 2.45, we're Western Journal in And at 3 o'clock, it's John Richardson And at 3.15, it's Flynn for the win 3.45, Phil tells us how it ends And 4.15, it's Gin Jacobson 4.30, Cash Patel, there's Punishin
the burn at 5 p.m. America's mayor at 5.15 p.m. Then past the Smith from Michigan.
Nana Roger Stone at a 6 p.m.
The Dr. Spurl speaks about medicine.
Then Barlin speaks about pandemics again.
Then up next, Christina Bob.
And then we're doing some praise and worshiping.
And then up next, Jen Flynn again.
Then Eric Trump at 7.40 p.m. at June 6, 7, 7 and 8.
It's time to reawake and to collaborate.
And June 6, 7, 7 and 8.
It's time to reawake and to collaborate.
Then reawake into a cool Michigan.
Get your tickets at Time to Free America again.
And I do it now before the beat ends.
