[SPEAKER_03]
you

[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation Weekly Update, Steve Kirsch is joined by Defender of the Environment and Chairman and Chief Litigation Counsel for Children's Health Defense, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.

[SPEAKER_04]
The information that we were given was badly, badly manipulated.
So now we're left saying, what really happened?
There's been a million injuries recorded in VAERS.
There have been 20,000 deaths, more deaths than all vaccines combined for the last 36 years.
And this is what the press, like a bunch of stenographers and automatons, will repeat again and again, well, the VAIR system doesn't work.
Well, it's their system.
It's the only system they got.
We didn't make up the system.
They made it up.
And they've known for 36 years that it doesn't work.

[SPEAKER_01]
Hi, this is Louisa Clary.
Tonight, our special guest is Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., founder and chief litigation counsel for Children's Health Defense.
We're thrilled to get to talk with Mr. Kennedy about what he sees in store for the health freedom movement in the new year.
As you saw his incredible speech from memory from one year ago, almost one year ago today, January 23rd, the Defeat the Mandates rally in DC.
What an amazing speech, what an amazing moment.
And we're just so grateful that he could be with us tonight.
We're going to get right to it tonight.
So I'd like to bring on our founder, Steve Kirsch.
Many of you know that he was a tech entrepreneur who began the COVID-19 early treatment fund to fund research and find a treatment solution for COVID, which turned out to be the repurposed drug flu vaccine that he brought to the table.
It was featured on 60 Minutes.
Then he left everything he knew to pursue his mission of making everyone aware of the lack of safety and efficacy of these vaccines.
If you are looking for resources and data to share with others, the slide decks that Steve has prepared over the past year are available on Steve's vaccine resource page.
If you go to his IO website, we're putting that in the chat now.
You'll see on that page number one is his resource sub-stack.
And number two are all his slide decks from the FDA presentation to the very latest data that we have.
So Steve, welcome to the show.
Glad to see you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thanks, Louisa.
It's good to be here.
I actually don't have power in my house.
We have a power outage that's been out for over 24 hours now.
So I'm at another house and there's a, there's a peloton in the background, but this is not where I normally am.

[SPEAKER_01]
Got it.
Awesome.
Well, I'm so glad you could be with us.
Great.
And with no further ado, I'd love to bring on Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
He's the founder and chief litigation counsel, Children's Health Defense.
He successfully litigated hundreds of cases defending health freedom and especially children's health.
He's a true leader of the movement.
We're super excited to get to talk with him.
If you haven't already read his 2021 book, The Real Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates, Big Pharma,
and the Global War on Democracy and Public Health.
Please grab your copy.
We're going to put a link in the chat to it.
It has sold more than one million copies and it was on the New York Times Best Seller's List for 17 weeks.
It's a must read.
We'll put a link to that in the chat.
And also, if you'll check out the documentary, The Real Anthony Fauci, which is based on the book and came out a few months ago, we'll put a link in the chat for that as well.
Welcome, Mr. Kennedy.
We're so glad you're here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks for having me, Louisa.
I'm Steve.
Bobby.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's only been a few minutes since we last talked, it seems.

[SPEAKER_04]
I want to see you on that peloton, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
Maybe after the call.
So let's get started.
I think this is, of course, going to be a friendly interview.
But it seems like you and I have something in common, which is we never get an unfriendly interview.
We're never on CNN.
We're never interviewed by the New York Times.
It never happens to me.
I bet it never happens to you, right?
That you got to talk to the opposition.
They all just want to talk to the echo chamber, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, not on film or audio.
Um, you know, and that's one of the problems is that there's all this polarization in our country.
And, um, we, if we're going to end it, and the polarization is really dangerous.
We're probably more polarized in this country than any time in American history, except in, uh, uh, probably five to seven years preceding the civil war and,
And it's really unclear how we can get out of this, but we're definitely not going to get out of it if we don't start talking to people with whom we disagree.
That's right.
And the worst thing that you can do to people is censorship.
If number one, it doesn't work.
It doesn't stop the idea.
It doesn't kill the ideas.
People, as you know, and I know, find ways of talking with each other.
and the resentments grow and the anger grows that you're not being heard, that there is no forum.
And democracy functions on the free flow of information.
Debate, conversations, dialogue, disagreements are sunlight and fertilizer to democracy without it, without those things democracy will wither and die.
The whole concept of democracy is that it's
It's the advantage that we have over totalitarian regimes is the free flow of information in which ideas can can triumph in a marketplace.
through the furnace, you know, annealed in the in the furnace of debate, they can rise to the top and become public policy.
And that only happens if you're, if you're actually allowed to talk about the ideas and you know, we this country was
started by people who were angry that they weren't allowed to criticize their government.
And that's why they put that right in the First Amendment.
And today, that right has been taken from us over the past two years.
We are no longer allowed on most of the media to criticize government policies with which we disagree.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so let me, I'm going to ask you a very hard question that I have no idea what the answer of this is, but it sort of illustrates the problem.
Which do you think will happen first?
Will Peter Hotez be on VSRF or will Bobby Kennedy be on CNN?
Of those two possibilities.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, you know I don't make predictions.
I'm not going to guess about that.
Uh, you know, that's, it's a sad thing.
Peter won't come and talk to you and he won't talk to me and Joe Rogan has asked him repeatedly, why don't you debate Robert Kennedy?
And he says to Joe Rogan, well, you know, he's a cunning lawyer and he knows how to do debates and I'm not, you know, I'm just a poor, humble physician and I, I don't know how to do that.
Um, but, uh, the truth is that his,
The positions he's advocating cannot be defended.
And you don't have to be a good debater to bunch of holes in them.
And that's the problem is if you don't talk to people, it's tyranny.
It's not democracy.
It definitely is not science.
science is about erecting hypotheses and then chipping away at them with new explanations that give better, that make more coherent and sensible explanations of the facts as they evolve and as we know them.
You can't just freeze science and say,
An expert said this is so therefore nobody can challenge it for the rest of time that is not science that is religion, and you know, Peter is a high priest.
of vaccinology, he is not defending science, he's defending religious faith based beliefs in a reality that he chooses to believe in but has no basis in science or evidence or empirical evidence.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I think we're making some progress now.
In terms of getting the sides to talk to each other I've actually been in Twitter spaces and I've been on one side of the.
the question, and there have been some people who have been on the other side of it.
I don't think they did very well.
They certainly didn't answer my questions.
They weren't very convincing.
But at least it's starting to happen.
And I wanted to use today to announce something that is really quite monumental that I think both of us never thought would happen, is that for the past 20 years,
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has been trying to get a debate on the safety of vaccines.
And the only guy who would accept that is a friend of his.
Oh, Dershowitz.
Dershowitz, right.
But Dershowitz got creamed.
So I was able to find a top vaccine scientist.
to debate Bobby Kennedy and he accepted.
And so we are now arranging the terms and the conditions for that debate.
And it'll be two on two.
And they will be debate the question of does the MMR vaccine cause autism?
And I think that'll be a really good start.
And that will start to, I hope, wake in America up.
We're still trying to get that debate on the COVID vaccines.
And I've actually got a million dollar bet out.
Somebody accepted at 500K rather than the million dollars.
And that's going on.
So we're winding up the judges now.
I just got a list.
of about 20 potential judges that will be interviewing for this.
So that debate will be really interesting because that will establish whether these so-called vaccines are effective and safe.
And our claim, of course, is that they actually make it more likely
that you will die from COVID and there are no benefits whatsoever.
So that will be an interesting debate.
But this one on autism, MMR causing autism, I think will be very enlightening to people and something that a lot of people will be interested in.
And it'll be really interesting for them to explain why the, I mean, it's an established fact that the CDC told William Thompson to destroy all records linking vaccines and autism.
I mean, that seems like a,
Hard to explain.
Why would the CDC ask William Thompson to destroy all records linking autism and the MMR vaccine?
I mean, what's the rationale for that one?
How are they going to defend that?

[SPEAKER_04]
First of all, let me say this first.
And I should have said this at the beginning, you've done more, Steve, that further than anybody to really goad the opposition into, you know, into debating this.
And, you know, it's been interesting to me, but just as a study in your character,
about what it is that makes you so relentless and you're a math-based, science-based person.
That's what your life is, engineering, mathematics.
And there's a purity in that.
And there's kind of a search for empirical truths.
Truth.
And that's the most important part of, you know, of certain professions and particularly some professions in the sciences and mathematics.
It's supposed to be this unvarnished search for empirical truths and you get to those truths by allowing them to be challenged in these, you know, in the, as I said, the furnace of debate.
And there was something about you that when you understood this issue, you came to this issue the same way I did, not by having an injured child, which is how most people come to this issue.
You came to this issue because you were offended at the science that people who said they were scientists and government agencies who said they were making science-based policies refused to defend the science and could not defend it.
And you had this kind of indignation that made you just relentless on this issue and I love watching reading your sub stack.
And I love reading your comments and you're constantly going, you're sending the letters to the FDA you never get this courage.
You know, you never get cynical.
You just keep saying, yeah, you're coming.
You're working for me.
Why aren't you doing your job?
And you do it in such a wonderful way.
And it's been so, you've been such a gift to this movement, Steve.
So I wanted to start out by saying that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_04]
With Bill Thompson, for those of people who are watching this and don't know who William Thompson is,
William Thompson, the senior was for 20 years, the senior vaccine safety scientist at the CDC.
He's in an office called the Immunization Safety Office, which is supposed to ensure the safety of the vaccines.
And what happened was in 1999,
The CDC did an in-house study of the Vaccine Safety Data Link, which is the largest repository for vaccine and health information in our country.
It's the medical records and the vaccination records of the 10 largest HMOs.
And so you ought to be able to go in there and say, and look at the people who've been vaccinated and then look at their health care claims and see if they're into a cluster analysis.
And see if there's a correlation between certain vaccines and certain medical claims like, you know, if somebody gets a vaccine.
And then it's buying insulin and making claims for insulin syringes, you can make a, you know, you, you can make a hypothesis.
or if they get the hepatitis B vaccine and they're making claims for happy pens or Adderall or Albuterall inhalers.
And you can say there seems to be a correlation between asthma and food allergies or anaphylaxis and these certain vaccines.
So it's a pretty straightforward analysis.
And CDC controls that database.
They commissioned in-house group in 1999 to look at that database and to look to see whether there was, we were seeing this autism explode.
The vaccine schedule began exploding in 1989 and you see, you'll see autism four and a half years after the vaccine.
Oh, by 1995, we started seeing an explosion in autism.
And we went, you know, we've gone now from autism being one in 10,000 Americans to one in every 34 children.

[SPEAKER_02]
So crazy.

[SPEAKER_04]
It began exploding at 95.
And the CDC itself said, this could be the vaccines.
These women, the mothers are reporting it's the vaccines.
Other people are reporting doctors, et cetera.
We're seeing it all over.
Let's look.
So they went into the vaccine safety database.
They got a Belgian epidemiologist named Thomas Verstraten and they put together a team of people to go into the vaccine safety database.
And they looked at one, they thought it was the mercury vaccines that were probably causing the autism.
And they looked at one of the mercury vaccines was the hepatitis B vaccine that's given to every child on the day of birth in every hospital in this country.
And they looked at children who had received the hepatitis B vaccine in their first 30 days.
And then they compared that to children who had not received it in the first 30 days, either received it afterwards or didn't receive it at all.
And they saw this huge signal.
The original data run for Stratton reported 1135% rise in the risk of autism
among children who had received that vaccine during the first 30 days.
And statistically, that's known as a relative risk of 11.35.
If there's a relative risk of two, and there is biological plausibility, it's considered proof of causation.
So this was 11.
To give you a comparison,
The relative risk for smoking a pack of cigarettes a day for 20 years.
And the lung cancer is 10.
And that's considered dispositive proof.
Well, this was 11.35 so they knew at that moment they knew what was causing the autism epidemic.
their reaction was to shut down all public access to the vaccine safety data link.
And they will not allow anybody except their own scientists in there to create these funny studies.
So then in 2004, they said, well, you know what?
Now we know what's causing the autism epidemic.
It's the mercury vaccines.
But the MMR vaccine, which is being blamed by Andy Wakefield and others,
doesn't have mercury in it.
And so the reason they're probably seeing that signal to the MMR vaccine and the mothers are saying it was the MMR vaccine is because when you go in to get the MMR vaccine on that wellness visit, they give you a whole bunch of mercury vaccines at the same time.
And so what the CDC thought is that people were misreading
They just remembered they got the MMR vaccine and they were blaming it.
But the MMR vaccine was probably innocent because it was almost certainly the mercury vaccines that were causing autism.

[SPEAKER_02]
Interesting.

[SPEAKER_04]
So they decided, let's do just a study that just isolates the MMR vaccine.

[SPEAKER_03]
So they did a study of children in Georgia.
You know, they're senior scientists.

[SPEAKER_04]
his data come back and they show that with certain groups of children with black children, for example, children, and they didn't look at people who got the vaccine and people who didn't.
They looked at people who got the vaccine, children who got the vaccine during the first 36 months of life and people who got it later or not at all.
Those were the two groups.
And what they found is that children who got the vaccine on time, which was before the third birthday, had a 350% greater chance of getting an autism diagnosis than kids who did not.
And then there were some other groups, kids who had autism combined with severe mental retardation, also had that huge signal, giant explosion,
at a massive rate of risk for getting the autism and mental retardation diagnosed than kids it in.
Oh, Thompson, when he revealed this data and his other, there were four other researchers, CDC researchers, they were called into a conference room in 2004 at CDC by their boss, Frank DeStefanho, who strangely,
has a child who has autism.
And Frank DiStefano actually gileted the mercury out of his own child.
And he ordered Frank DiStefano, who was the chief of that department of the Immunization Safety Office, brought all of these scientists who have been working on this project in the office.
And he told them, bring your all of the data sets
He brought them in and he said, we're going to take all the race related data.
In other words, the data that showed that black children were getting this huge signal on autism and we're going to destroy it.
And there were four giant blue garbage cans in that office and they were ordered to dump all their data and then destroy it.
Well, that of course is scientific fraud.
And then they published the data, which is Thompson actually took his name off the study.
And the head of the study now is Frank DeStefano, the man who ordered the destruction of all those documents.
Oh, if you look at that study, which is DeStefano 2004, maybe 2003, but I think it's 2004.
And I think it was published in Pediatrics.
It may be the Lancet.
But that study is one of the most cited studies.
It is the most cited study for the
for the proposition that vaccines don't cause autism.
And it actually, the data show that vaccines do cause autism.
So the reason they did that study, they did it just on the MMR vaccine because, and they told Thompson was aware of what they'd done with the earlier studies where they had thrown them out and rejigged them and destroyed them.
And Thompson said, before you make me do this study, I want to make sure that you are going to be honest about this one and that we're not going to have the kind of what he called circus that around the first rat and study.
And they said, no, because they believe the MMR vaccine was innocent.
But when they actually saw the data, it indicated the MMR vaccine was also causing autism.
And so then I'll finish this because it's the punchline.
They panic.
And they said, and we have transcripts of their emails, et cetera, where they said, we can't look at American populations anymore because we know what they're going to say, because we've looked at all this data and they're going to show there's a link between autism and vaccines.
And they said, let's do, in Denmark, they banned, in 1993, they banned
dimerisol and vaccines and the autism level has continued to rise.
So we can go to Denmark and we can use data there.
Well, here's what happened is the reason that the autism continued to rise after the 1993 ban of dimerisol of mercury and vaccines was because that same year,
Denmark changed its rules for reporting autism.
So, prior to 1993 autism was not a mandatory reported disease there's certain disease that have mandatory reporting requirements for all infectious diseases for obvious reasons.
If you have if you go into your doctor, the dog and you have measles.
The doctor has to report that to the public health authorities because we want to know what's happening with infectious disease, but autism because it's not infectious was not on that list.
Well in 93 they put it on that list.
They also built a in Copenhagen, a treatment center state of the art treatment center for treating autistic kids.
Nobody in Denmark had any incentive to say, my kid has autism because there was no treatment available.
Suddenly now there is.
So everybody wanted to get into that clinic.
Second of all, they changed the reporting requirements and they made it mandatory reporting.
And the huge spike in autism after 93 was not because autism was increasing.
It was simply an artifact of these new reporting requirements.
But CDC saw that and they said, we can take advantage of that.
We can make that look.
like it's a way to defend it.
So they hired a con man named Paul Thornton, who is just a crook, just an outright crook.
And by the way, and so he did that study and he, and he stole in the process, he stole $2 million from that they had given him to do this study.
So he was just making stuff up.
He stole the money, he bought a motorcycle, he bought a house, he bought a house in Denmark and in Georgia.
He had these wild parties.
And today, he's on the run from Interpol.
He's been indicted by the FBI on 22 counts of fraud and theft and everything else.
But that study, the Thornton study, is the second most cited study for the proposition that vaccines don't cause autism.
So the studies that they cite are two studies with the authors, one of the authors, a fugitive on the run for the law.
And the other study is, is the DeStevenho study where the principal scientist who was leading that study said we were ordered to destroy all the data.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's probably, I can predict how that debate's gonna end, but it's stunning that we're finally gonna get that opportunity.
And it was just a kind of a random ask that I did to someone who's highly respected.
And I was surprised he said yes, but it'll be great to have that debate.
But it's just amazing to me that none of the mainstream media recognizes what you just said.
Yeah, it's as if it didn't exist.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
It's like what Emerson said, if a tree falls in the forest, nobody hears it.
It doesn't exist.
And this, you know, there's this kind of litany.
It's like a Gregorian chant in a religious, you know, setting.
where people just keep chanting safe and effective, safe and effective, safe and effective, and it doesn't cause autism, it doesn't cause autism.
And of course they do cause autism, of course they cause autism.
By the way, Steve, Fauci's job
is to figure out, you know, he's the National Institute of Infectious and Allergic Diseases and autoimmune.
He does all the autoimmune diseases and, you know, and the indicators of their autism is an autoimmune disease, but it's an neurological disease too.
His job and NIH's job is to look at disease increases and say, where's it coming from?
So, okay, let's say I'm wrong about autism and vaccines.
There's no denying it's an epidemic.
There is study after study.
Of course, they go out and they try to say, oh, no, it's an artifact of different reporting criteria and better recognition.
That's not true.
Autism, and there's a study after study.
In fact, the California state legislature
commissioned a study on that issue.
It's by the Mind Institute, UC Davis, the scientist was Irva Hertzpichot and enormously respected.
And they said, is this a real, is this a real epidemic or is it an artifact of reporting differences in better recognition?
And she came back and said, absolutely, it's a real, it's, you know, these, this is happening, it wasn't happening before, but
Listen, here's my experience.
I grew up at the spear tip of the movement to provide rights to people with intellectual disabilities.
My aunt was my godmother, Eunice Shriver, was the founder of Special Olympics.
I was working in Special Olympics, a hugger, a coach since I was eight years old.
And we never saw a kid like this.
We never saw a kid with full-blown autism.
You know, we prided ourselves on being able to accommodate every child who came to us, even people who were basically close to vegetative.
We would devise games for them where they could push a beanbag off a chair, off a table where they were sitting, and everybody would cheer for them.
We could not have handled a kid with one autism because they have these tactile sensitivities.
They have the violence, the head banging, the biting, the audio sensitivities and all these things that make them, and they don't like people who they don't know.
You can't get babysitters for these children.
The parents have to take care of these kids.
They can't get babysitters for them.
We couldn't have handled them, but we never saw one.
I worked for 200 hours in Lausanne, home for the retired, and when I was in New York up in the Hudson Valley, when I was in high school, I never saw a kid with autism.
I didn't even know what it was.
No American knew what it was, only a little tiny handful prior to 1988 when Rain Man came out.
And yet today, one in 34 kids has it.
I have never, incidentally, I have never in my life
seen somebody my age, I'm 69 years old.
I have never seen anybody my age who has full blown autism.
So, you know, there are people who have Asperges and there are people like Rain Man where, you know, you're quirky hunkle or whatever, but never with full blown autism, which is non-verbal, non-toilet train, headbanging, stimming, toe walking,
I've never seen a man in the mall with a helmet on and diapers on.
And they're not locked up anywhere.
There's no place to put people like that.
And yet in my children's generation, every classroom and every school, the schools are building wings on them.
Do accommodate kids who look like that.
25% of our school budgets are now going to special education.

[SPEAKER_02]
They must have died, right?
Either that or they're locked away somewhere that there's no place to lock people.

[SPEAKER_04]
They do not exist in my generation.
You know, the data is really clear.
There were many, many studies that showed it's one in 10,000 from people in my generation, one in 10,000.
Oh, it's not shocking that I've never seen anybody like that.
It's still one in 10,000, but it's not one in 10,000, my kid's generation.
It's one in 34, according to CDC.

[SPEAKER_02]
So what happened to them?
They died, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, they never existed.
The vaccines have made them and all of these other tactics that were assaulting them with.
There was no odd to it.
There was no autism epidemic prior to 1989.
In fact, I see.

[SPEAKER_02]
I see what you're saying.

[SPEAKER_04]
I see what you're saying.
In fact, Congress said to EPA.
Tell us what year the autism epidemic began.
And EPA is a captured agency, but it's captured by the oil industry and the chemical industry.
It is not captured by pharma.
It doesn't do pharmaceutical regulation.
So they actually did a real study.
They came back and said, it's a red line.
The autism epidemic began in 1989.
And that's the same year they exploded the vaccine schedule.
So prior to that, the number of people with autism was one in 10,000.
And after that, it went quickly to one in 600, and now it's one in every 34.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So it'll be a really interesting debate.
But the big point about this
that this sort of thing, this evidence has existed for 20 years now.
And the general public is believing, and the mainstream media is believing that there's no link between any vaccine and autism, and it's been 20 years.
So let's fast forward to the COVID vaccines.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, they already had the political front for government.
And by the way, Steve, it's not just autism.
It's an entire, I mean, autism is at the far end of it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, no, no, I know, I know.

[SPEAKER_04]
But if you look at when Tony Fauci came into office in 68,
The rate of chronic disease in our country was one in, was 6%.
So 6% of children have chronic disease.
What do I mean by chronic disease?
I mean neurological diseases, obesity, autoimmune diseases and allergic diseases.
By 2006, by two that 1986,
that had gone up to 11.8%.
So it had doubled, it doubled between 68 and 86.
In 2006, it had gone up to 54%.
So more than half kids have, and here's what the diseases are, neurological diseases, that's ADD, ADHD, speech-related, language-related, TICS, the Red Syndrome, ASD, autism,
And again, all of this appeared suddenly in epidemic form in 1989.
You saw a little bit before, it explodes in 89.
Autoimmune diseases, which are like rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile diabetes in my elementary school, my grade school, there was one child with diabetes and everybody in the kid that the school knew about him because he had to give himself injections and that was considered traumatic.
Today, they're in every class.
Rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, all of these autoimmune diseases suddenly explode in 89.
Well, of course, vaccines are designed to permanently hype up your immune system.
And if you do too much of that stuff that's in those vaccines, you're going to get an immune response where your immune system starts attacking your own body.
And that's what an autoimmune disease is.
Allergic diseases and allergic diseases, so peanut allergies, food allergies, anaphylaxis, eczema.
I never knew anybody with eczema.
I have eleven brothers and sisters, seventy cousins.
I never knew anybody with a food allergy.
Why do five of my kids, seven kids, have allergies?
And here's the thing, when my, I had a son who was extremely allergic, you know, anaphylactic.
I had 29 hospital trips with him before he was two years old, emergency room care trips.
Oh, I co-founded an organization called the Food Allergy Initiative and later became Food Allergy Network.
And we brought, we raised $200 million.
We brought David Koch, the oil guy who I've been suing.
was on the board with me, but we were raising money for food allergies.
We brought the best doctors to New York.
We set up laboratories.
Now, here's what I learned in the way that they study foods.
They weren't studying where the allergies come from.
Nobody's interested in that.
They said, how do we treat them?
How do we make them go away?
The way they were doing that is they were taking lab rats
and they were inducing those lab rats to get allergies.
And then they would give them different treatments.
How do you make a lab rat suddenly have an allergy?
I'll tell you how.
You inject the aluminum adjuvant from the hepatitis B vaccine along with the protein.
So if you put a peanut protein and they're peanut excipients in the vaccines,
Oh, if you put on that aluminum and a peanut protein, that rat now has a permanent peanut allergy.
If you put a dairy protein, a latex protein, a meat protein with that aluminum, and what we found is what the studies show is that the aluminum does not just give you allergies.
to materials that are in that vaccine.
It will give you an allergy to materials that are in the ambient environment.
So if you get that vaccine, when there's a Timothy weed outbreak, you now may have a lifetime allergy to Timothy weed.
And there's studies by Mawson and Cowlings that show this.
Children who are vaccinated have 30 times the rate of allergic rhinitis as kids who are unvaccinated.
We created an entire generation with with all these allergies by giving them these early vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
So are there studies done on kids that have never been vaccinated and looked at the differential diagnosis for autism, for diabetes, and like the Amish, are any kids in Amish communities, are any of them have autism or any of them type of diabetic?

[SPEAKER_04]
It was a study of the Amish community.
It was on the skyline, you know, the school kill river in that watershed in those counties in Pennsylvania, and they could not find a single, there should have been, I think, something like 1,800 kids with autism, if it followed the US population rates, and they couldn't find a single kid.
But Steve, there are hundreds of studies that show, I mean, we have, you know, Brian Hooker and I are about to publish a book called Vax Unvax that shows, you know, it not just Autism, it's Diabetes, it's food allergies.
It's all, listen, listen.

[SPEAKER_02]
I know, I know.
I'm just using those two examples.

[SPEAKER_04]
Every one of those diseases.
And I mentioned to you,
the neurological, all of these diseases, juvenile diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, et cetera, are listed as vaccine side effects on the manufacturer's inserts of the 72 doses of vaccines that are now mandated for our children.
So there's 405 listed side effects in total on all those vaccines.
And those are a list of all of the diseases that have become epidemic after 1989.
Do you think that's a coincidence?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, what a coincidence, isn't it?
Well, and by the way, it's an amazing coincidence.

[SPEAKER_04]
Either way, the only place that the vaccine companies are honest is on that vaccine insert where they have to list that because under Vic under the vaccine act,
You cannot sue a vaccine company, no matter how negligent or reckless they are, no matter how grievous your industry, the only way you can sue them is if they know about a side effect and they fail to list it on their manufacturer's insert.
So they list autism on, you know, on one of the vaccines.
But publicly they say no.
But, and then other people would pull off and hotels will say, oh, well, the companies just put everything, throw the kitchen sink in there.
The federal law says that they're not allowed to list anything on that manufacturers insert unless FDA determines that it is likely that the vaccine cause that injury.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's interesting because when at Senator Johnson's hearing, one of the highlights was when they, they pulled out the, the, the insert, right.
And she unfolded it and says this page intentionally left blank.
Yeah, for all the side effects.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Well, you know, that's because it was the way I think it still says that.
They were stunning.
And they knew about a bunch of side effects at that point.
They knew about myocarditis.
They knew about blood clots.
They knew a lot of, you know, they knew about thrombosis and all these other things.
And they just, they didn't, you know, they wanted you to, they wanted you to believe
safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
So I haven't been tracking it, because I'm not interested in getting any more vaccines for the rest of my life.
But are these vaccines, are the COVID vaccines now off EUA, and you can get an quote, approved vaccine?
Because now that they're on the childhood vaccine schedule, they don't have any liability issues.
So we kind of know that the reason that they weren't producing commercial
the approved vaccine is because they didn't have liability protection.
But aren't they now, don't they now have liability protection?
So shouldn't they now be making non-EUA drug available so that when the government finally says we're not in an emergency anymore that they will still be able to inject people?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, you know, that is a complex issue.
And actually, the answer to that question is unclear.
And there's a lot of complications that, you know, we really have to go into the weeds with, but the one, the vaccine that's approved for Pfizer is the common artery vaccine.
And that's available in our country.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm sorry, that is not available.

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
And why isn't it?

[SPEAKER_02]
Don't they have the protection from the, they got on the childhood vaccine schedule?

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't think that they have the protection yet, but they probably also don't want it under VICA because
If they do go on to the Vaccine Act, the 86 Act, they have to, you know, they got to pay the tax.
There's a tax on each vaccine that pays for injuries, but also there is a vaccine court and it's not
very, you know, it denies most cases and it's a horrible, corrupt, corrupt, corrupt place where their job is to screw people who got vaccinated into that whole function.
But they do hear cases and you can file them and I'm sure they do not want to be deluged with cases from COVID.
So I think they'd like to keep it under the PREP Act and they'd like to keep it under the CARES Act and

[SPEAKER_02]
So they want to keep this emergency going for as long as possible, this COVID emergency, which is not killing.
We never hear on the news that the hospitals are filled with people with COVID.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, and President Biden did declare the emergency over.
So he declared the pandemic over, but they kept the emergency.
Of course they want to keep us in a permanent state of emergency.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, we're in a permanent state of emergency, like for the rest of our lives.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
Because not only does it provide them with this liability immunity, but it also unleashes all of these federal dollars that flow into the pharmaceutical companies, into the military industrial complex, the medical industrial complex, which is now basically running our country where you have medical technocrats who have never been elected.
who are dictating those momentous policies to Americans to close down your businesses, don't go to church, don't, you know, go near your girlfriend, all this stuff that, you know, if somebody told you this 10 years ago, you'd say no American will ever put up with that.
And yet, you know,

[SPEAKER_02]
they did it.
There are lots of signs that this thing is falling apart.
I've heard that all the cardiologists in the UK are refusing to get any more shots.
I've heard that all the doctors and nurses at UCSF, there may be a few that stragglers, are not going to get any more boosters.
you know, from everybody taking it or almost everybody taking it to pretty much everybody refusing to take it.
It sounds like this thing is getting to the point where everybody knows they're just not, they're still afraid to speak out, but it seems like we're at a tipping point here.
You know, especially, you know, John Campbell is the
canary in the coal mine, John Campbell has sort of flipped from being totally pro vaccine to now having to create a rumble video so he wouldn't be de-platformed on YouTube, telling people that the vaccine should be halted.
I mean, so to me, that is a pretty
telling sign here, this canary in the coal mine, that that doctor, I'm sure the doctor is.
But he's flipped.
He's flipped to, you know, an Asimahatra is like the Sanjay Gupta on CNN for the UK.
And he's flipped 180 degrees.
He's like, this vaccine has to be stopped.
I mean, so you're starting to see a lot of these prominent people speaking out.
Do you think it's going to be 20 years?

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't make predictions, but I'll tell you this anecdote.
This morning I was in an AA meeting, which I go to for 40 years.
I go to a meeting once a day in the morning and it was a doctor at that meeting who said, I'm going to the one year memorial service for my sister.
And he said, I feel guilty because I feel like I killed my sister.
And he said, when the vaccine came out, I thought it was a gift to the world.
I was enthralled with the technology.
I thought if this was the greatest medical breakthrough that's ever happened.
And he said, I pulled strings.
He's at UCLA.
And he said, I pulled strings at UCLA.
get the vaccine from my brother-in-law.
And I gave him the vaccine and I was so proud that I could do this for him.
And he was completely healthy.
Three days later, he dropped dead from cardiac arrest.
And he said, the same thing happened to me with another patient a couple of months later, and I stopped giving the vaccine.
And I started reading about it.
And now I know I killed my brother-in-law.
And he said, my sister died two and a half months later from grief.
And I feel like I killed her.
So I think, you know, I think there are people in the medical community who are actually, you know, looking at this and are horrified by what happened.
But I don't know.
There's also this, you know, there's so much resilience to the orthodoxy, Steve.
And how do you make an orthodoxy unravel even when the entire factual basis for it has disappeared, the foundation, the factual foundation has gone.
You know, orthodoxies are resilient.
And you see these with religious orthodoxies that no matter what kind of, you know, a challenge to, you know, people's faith or whatever that they just, they want to believe in it.

[SPEAKER_02]
And they certainly do.
They cling to that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And it's hard to penetrate it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it is.
So like, for instance, there was a Freedom of Information Act request that just came out.
And it showed that the CDC had realized that there were 770 safety signals that had been triggered by the COVID vaccines, including death.
which is what I reported on months ago.
I said the death safety signal triggered, you know, how come we didn't hear about it?
And nobody in the medical community would even dare try to replicate my calculation.
Now we find out that the CDC, in fact, replicated my calculation and knew about it, not just for death, but for 770 other symptoms, which
To me is no surprise because I found the same thing when when I did the analysis of the viruses.
In fact, I found way more than 770 that were elevated, but.
There is no outcry.
There is no calls for an investigation.
There is nobody on the other side saying, whoa, there's none of these fact checkers saying, whoa, wait a second.
The CDC, there were 770s serious adverse events and the CDC did nothing?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm not sure what you're saying, Steve.
Are you saying in the clinical trials there were 776 or these are
Varus.
These are listed side effects.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no.
There's a safety signal formula in Varus for determining.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, you mean if you have a certain number of that particular entry, Burr vaccine.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it's PRR, it's chi-squared, and it's absolute number of events.
And if there are three criteria, and you have to, it's an AND clause, which is a mistake, which I pointed out, but they ignore people like me.
But it's an and clause, so it's hard to trigger, and it's really hard to trigger when you have a vaccine which generates huge numbers of adverse event reports because your adverse event report then gets lost in the sea of other adverse events.
crazy dumb formula for a vaccine, which is super dangerous.
But even despite all that, these COVID vaccines are so dangerous that they had over 770 different serious adverse events that were triggering the safety signals.
And the CDC didn't say a word to anyone.
And when I had Dr. George Fareed,
right to the CDC and get a response back, which he got a month later from a top CDC official.
The top CDC official and George was asking, hey, didn't the death safety signal trigger in VAERS?
And the response from the CDC is,
Well, that was done by somebody else.
We can assure you that everything is fine here.
There's no safety events.
They're just a few and completely gas lit the doctor, even though they knew he was right.
They didn't confirm it.
The only way we found out about this is through a Freedom of Information Act request where we found out they actually knew there were all these signals.
And now that it's public, I don't hear for anybody.
I haven't seen any tweets from anybody saying we should call for an investigation.
There's a sub stack on this today that I just published on my sub stack talking about it.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, you know, they get away with murder.

[SPEAKER_02]
They do get away with murder.
So I have more questions, but we're running out of time here.
And I do want to get to audience questions.
So let me just do a lightning round here.
So you have five seconds to answer each question.
OK. Ready?
OK. Any regrets that you shifted from environment to vaccine safety?

[SPEAKER_04]
I didn't have a choice.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, how long did it take you to write that Fauci book?

[SPEAKER_04]
One year.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
How'd you find out all that stuff?

[SPEAKER_04]
I already knew a lot of it and the rest of it.
I just read a lot of books and talked to a lot of people.

[SPEAKER_02]
What's the most important thing you want everybody to know?

[SPEAKER_04]
Think for yourself.
Don't believe anybody.
My father said never trust anybody in authority.
because people in authority lie.
You're a job in a democracy is to do your own research.
Don't believe your doctor.
Don't believe CDC.
Don't believe Steve Kirch.
And don't believe Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Do your own research.
You live in a democracy.
That's your job.
You got to protect your children.
You research the food they eat.
You research their baby seat to make sure it's the safest.
You research the car you drive to make sure your kids are going to be safe in the pack.
I'll take a vaccine without doing your research.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yep.
DeMar Hamlin, do you think that his case will tip the scales?
Highly visible case.
Will it, will that be?
I don't make predictions.
Okay.
Louisa.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
I predict we have some questions.

[SPEAKER_01]
We do.
We do.
We have lots of questions.
We'll see which ones we can, we can get to.
Okay.
Here we go.
Whoosh, so many have come in, I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_03]
Whoosh.
Okay, question from Lisa.

[SPEAKER_01]
How can I get my young adult kids to understand this information so they don't vaccinate their kids when the time comes?

[SPEAKER_04]
If you figure that out, call me.
I can talk to my kids.

[SPEAKER_01]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great answer.

[SPEAKER_01]
Have you heard that there were huge decreases in SIDS rates in Florida during the lockdown because kids couldn't get their normal vaccines during the COVID shutdown?
Is SIDS from vaccines and are there any studies I can point to for others?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I mean, SIDS and I haven't looked at the Florida data.
I've heard that, but I, you know, I
I wouldn't cite it because I don't know.
I just don't know enough about it.
But there are plenty of studies that make it clear that SIDS has caused my vaccine.
SIDS really appeared following the first vaccines.
Healthy kids are not supposed to tie in their sleep or in their grip.
It just doesn't happen.
It's a new phenomenon.
It's not, you know, you don't hear about it from colonial times or anything like that.
Kids died for a reason and a healthy kid does not die in his crib.
And there are many, many studies that show that it was his link.
Originally the TTP vaccine, that's when it exploded and
CDC has gone through all these permutations to create new categories of grip death, suds, sids, sads, et cetera, to keep subdividing these huge numbers as tsunamis of sudden deaths among children, to subdivide them to keep the numbers, the total numbers low by creating more and more categories for morticians.
and corners to use to classify it, to disperse the numbers.
But the numbers are horrific.
In fact, we have memos from Pfizer.
I think it was Pfizer.
It's a memo that is
When there was, I think there were a bunch of deaths in Tennessee from, it's called the batch rule.
Pfizer adopted a batch rule because a batch of vaccines gave SIDS to killed, I think like 26 kids in Tennessee.
And they made a new rule, they made a new directive, which we have to memo.
that says from now on, the batches will be divided and sent to different regions of the country.
So if we do get a bad batch like that, and it kills a lot of kids, it won't be noticed.
The only reason it was noticed is because the one batch went to Tennessee and everybody in Tennessee got that batch.
So we noticed all these, but if we divided the batch up and it's called the batch role and all the vaccine companies have now adapted it,
They don't do it in other countries.
So for example, with the Gardasil vaccine, you saw regions in Colombia, which got huge numbers of deaths and hospitalizations and paralysis because they were sending one bad batch to those groups.
It's very, very hard for them to get their batches right, you know, to get a good mix on their batches.

[SPEAKER_01]
That Tennessee batch, was it, do you know which vaccine it was, or is it COVID-19?
It wasn't COVID-19.

[SPEAKER_04]
I think it was the DTP.
My memory is the DTP vaccine.
And the numbers, there was 26 kids.
I haven't looked at that case for a long time, but it's easy to look up.
Yeah.
And I don't know whether that's the correct number, but it will be close to that.
And the story is correct.
So I think, you know what?
It wasn't Pfizer, it was Wyeth, and it was Wyeth now is Pfizer, but it was when it was still Wyeth.

[SPEAKER_01]
I see.
Yes, and in Tennessee, as of a couple of months ago, when we pulled the COVID-19 vaccine figures, Tennessee was a high reporting state for the COVID-19 vaccine deaths that had been reported to there.
Yeah, that's probably, that batch is probably.
Yeah, yeah, interesting.
Okay, what's,
Sorry, when statistics are quoted for autism rates rising so drastically, could we clarify which disorders are included in these numbers?

[SPEAKER_03]
Well, I mean, you mean with autism?
Yes.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm not sure what the question is.
The numbers are included in these numbers.

[SPEAKER_04]
I mean, the number, you know, it's for all of these disorders.
I mean, OCD is related to vaccines, ADD, ADHD, speech delay, language delay, ticks, Tourette syndrome, they're all the data and scientific studies have linked them all to vaccines, depression.
eating disorders among women.
There's a Yale study that links those two, vaccination, and many, many, many other neurological and what we call psychiatric disorders.
Autism was originally characterized as psychiatric disorder.
Of course it isn't, but that's how it was characterized.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.
Since questions, we've got a whole bunch of those in a row.
Let's see.
Do you know any possible links and explosion and childhood vaccine schedule that are related to a surge in young cancer patients?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, here's the, I think the most important story for people to know is that NIH in the polio vaccines that were given to my generation,
concealed the presence of a monkey virus called simian virus 40.
And there was a very famous NIH scientist, probably the most famous, famous woman scientist in the history of NIH named Bernice Eddy.
And she went to her bosses because she found the simian virus 40 in the polio vaccines.
And she said, you can't give this vaccine to people.
It's going to cause them cancer.
It's extremely carcinogenic.
And in fact, Zimminvirus 40, which is called an SV40 today, is used in laboratories around the world to induce tumors and rats.
So you give this, you know, you give Zimminvirus 40 to rats or to, or to guinea pigs, and they will literally sprout tumors like mushrooms.
And they,
NIA silenced her.
They took away her telephone.
They changed the locks on her lab so she couldn't get in.
They put her in a basement office in order not to talk to anybody.
And then they gave that vaccine to 98 million children in my generation.
And today, our generation for soft tissue cancers, which are the cancers that are caused by simian virus 40, has 10 times the rate of soft tissue cancer as
higher generations.
Despite the fact that we've spent tens of billions of dollars on the war and cancer, and cancer's increased.
And in many of those cancers, when they are biopsied and tested, they find simian virus 40 in the tumors themselves.

[SPEAKER_02]
How is that not surfaced?
How has that been sort of kept out of public view for so long?

[SPEAKER_04]
Anybody can look it up and you will find it, but you gotta know what to look for.
If you use some of the keywords I said, like SV40, Bernice, Eddie, et cetera.

[SPEAKER_02]
Nobody in the press, you know, writes, you don't see the New York Times writing about this and you don't see CNN coming on.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's actually a federal law that says that criticism of the polio vaccine cannot be allowed.
Oh, it's a federal law.
It's in the code of federal regulations and I actually looked it up this week.
And I, I could actually look it up now and tell you what it is, but it's an extraordinary law because it says right there.
It says the law that, you know, we don't know whether the vaccine is safe or not, but, but criticism of it and safety concerns cannot be allowed or tolerated.
because of the threat that they will reduce the willingness of people to vaccinate.
This is not just a policy.
It is a promulgated regulation.
It is a federal rule.

[SPEAKER_02]
So if you violate that, they put you in jail or is it criminal?

[SPEAKER_04]
I don't even know.
I don't know how many people know about it.
It's just wacky, though.

[SPEAKER_02]
But if they did that for the polio vaccine, then the COVID-19 vaccine can't be far behind.
I mean, look what they did in California.

[SPEAKER_04]
They've done it by fiat, haven't they?
They've made it so we're not allowed to criticize the vaccine.
If they don't even need a law to do it now.

[SPEAKER_01]
I have two more final questions.
CHD's plans for 2023, what do you think are the most important litigations that you all are pursuing this year?

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm trying to look up this.
Oh, I found it.
Yeah, it was passed.
Volume four, number 107, June 1st, 1984.
And let me see, do you have glasses?

[SPEAKER_02]
What's the, is it the, it's in the CFRs or?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's 40 CFR.
Hold on.
I'm going to read you this passage.

[SPEAKER_04]
It says,
any possible doubts whether or not well-founded.
It's number 107, volume 40.

[SPEAKER_02]
Whether or not well-founded, there you go.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it says any possible doubts whether or not well-founded about the safety of the vaccine cannot be allowed to exist.
You have the need to assure that the vaccine will continue to be used to the maximum extent consistent with the nation's public health objectives.
There you go.
And it goes on.
So this is a law of the United States.
I mean, this is Orwellian nightmare stuff.
Here it is.
And anybody can go look this up.
Anyway, that's who we are.
OK, you asked what we're doing.
I mean, we have over 50 cases in litigation.
To me, some of the most exciting cases are the censorship cases.
Our Facebook case, I argued in front of the Ninth Circuit
That's the case that we're saying the government ordered them to censor CHD.
Facebook has a right to censor, you know, to host or not host or to censor people who use it.
Once the government orders them to do that, it implicates the First Amendment.
And that's what we've alleged in this suit.
We have a case on Kennedy versus Warren, where I am suing Senator Warren repressioning Amazon to censor my book, particularly the book that I did with Joseph Mercola.
And Joe and I have sued Elizabeth Warren.
We're about to file a antitrust suit.
It's a censorship suit.
against the trusted news initiative, which is this cartel of Facebook, all the social media sites, the Washington Post, ABC, CBS, CNN, BBC, where they all agreed to punish, to censor any statements that disagree with government protocols, with government proclamations, and including putting out a business
alternative news sites like Children's Health Defense, like Green Med Info, or a number of others like Epic Times that are trying to report unapproved news.
It's a standard antitrust case.
We have two cases against FDA.
for violating the Administrative Procedure Act for the Childhood Vaccines.
You know, the Administrative Procedure Act says you need a rational basis for doing certain things and giving a vaccine, mandating vaccines for kids five to 11 years old.
There was no rational basis for it.
So there's a, we have a couple of good cases.
We did a, argued a case today in the Northern District of New York.
a healthcare case where we had a wonderful argument and the judge actually said, hey, if the vaccines don't prevent transmission, there's no reason it doesn't seem to me that there can be any justification for mandating.
I think we're seeing that more and more that you're getting more judges that are willing to actually go into the details and say, okay, this doesn't make any sense.
We have another case in the Western District of Texas on healthcare worker mandates and we have those all over the country.
So there's a lot of exciting things happening with litigation and we appreciate everybody's support.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, that's very exciting.
Thank you.
I know I came into your work when you were getting censored off Instagram, when your account, before they closed you out, right?
You had some phenomenal truth bombs that were dropping and I ended up putting a lot of those on Twitter after the fact, but I can't wait to have you back on all of those platforms.
And I'm so happy that you guys are pursuing this censorship.

[SPEAKER_04]
Twitter has unleashed me now.
So, since Elon Musk, you know, I've gotten in the last I think 28 days I've gotten 180,000 new awesome followers and I'm, I'm starting to pay a lot more attention to my Twitter account and, you know, bombs on it.
For two years, I was posting pictures of kitty cats in unicorns and stuff because I didn't want to get thrown off.

[SPEAKER_02]
I just posted for people who want to see that law, I just posted the link to it.
I'm going to post it right now just so people can see it to send to everyone so you can look in that govinfo.gov link.
And you can see that it's just an amazing law.
It says, any possible doubts whether or not well-founded about the safety of the vaccine cannot be allowed to exist.
I mean, it is really stunning that that is a law.
So even if you can absolutely prove this vaccine kills people or causes cancer, just whatever, we don't want to hear about it.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's technically illegal.
It's technically illegal to.
you know, to have doubts, to possess doubts about it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so polio vaccine today and COVID-19 vaccine tomorrow.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay, I want everybody to, anybody near New York, please come to Albany, January 10th, 10 a.m. You're going to see Mary Allen, Dr. Paul Axe, Alexander, Paul Oliver,
Brian Brays and Sophie Medina and a lot of other great speakers and we're, you know, we're going to, we're doing this big rally for teachers for joy.
So, you know, come and join the fun going back to Albany.

[SPEAKER_01]
Awesome.
Thank you so much.
We're going to put the Albany in the chat.
We're going to put your book in the chat.
If you guys have not gotten his book or seen the movie, the real Anthony Fauci, please go do it, share with your
family, friends, and neighbors.
Thank you so much for your time tonight, Mr. Kennedy.
We are just honored to have you and thrilled you came out to us tonight.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thanks, Steve.
Thanks, Louisa.

[SPEAKER_01]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
That was awesome.

[SPEAKER_00]
It was amazing.
