[UNKNOWN]
you

[SPEAKER_10]
Imagine there's no heaven See you say if you try No hell below us Above us only sky
you
Imagine all the possessions

[SPEAKER_27]
Tonight on VSRF Live, Steve Kirsch meets with John Davidson, director of the new and highly acclaimed film, Epidemic of Fraud.

[SPEAKER_09]
My name is John, and I am a storyteller.
And this is kind of my story.
Action.
My life has been blessed.
I have a beautiful, loving family.
I've spent years as a director, producer, visual effects supervisor and writer.
And for a very long time, I was part of the media.
I did marketing.
I did co-producing for films.
I directed.
My life was awesome.
Cut.
And then 2020 happened.
I began to prepare for COVID in January of 2020, so that when it hit, my company was ready to continue to make products for networks.
I made public service announcements.
I made some of the earliest videos telling you to stay home.
I made public service announcements telling you to wear masks.
I even promoted vaccines.

[SPEAKER_13]
I was once a CNN editor.
When healthcare workers were being censored, I had to investigate.

[SPEAKER_09]
I've interviewed doctors, nurses, vaccine injured, malpractice survivors, and even interacted with heads of the FDA.
And my work has been repeatedly censored.
What I've found is an unholy alliance of public, private, and political groups that same hell bent on turning all of us into lab rats.

[SPEAKER_27]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
Tonight we will be interviewing a Hollywood director and former mainstream media insider turned truth seeker, documentary filmmaker John Davidson.
He'll be joining us live to discuss his latest film, Epidemic of Fraud.
It's going to be an amazing show and we're so glad that you have tuned in to join us this evening.
And make sure you watch that film.
after the show and get all the way to the end and you'll understand why I put John Lennon's Imagine in the pre-show there.
But before we begin, we need to say that tonight is another very important night for us in our ongoing fundraising activities here at VSRF.
VSRF Live depends solely on public donations to bring you this weekly show and needs your financial support.
Even better, please consider donating to VSRF on a monthly basis.
Your contributions are tax deductible and vital to sustain our efforts each week.
We cannot do what we do without your help.
For those willing to contribute, you can make a direct donation by simply texting VSRF to 53-555.
Our goal for tonight and for every show from here on out is $5,000.
This is the bare minimum we need to cover our expenses in producing this weekly show.
Literally the bare minimum.
And please remember, no donation is too small.
Together we can preserve health freedom for generations to come.
Thank you for your support.
And now back to the show.
I'm going to bring on VSRF founder Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF live.
How are you, sir?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm good.
Wait.
Excellent.
I'm very good.

[SPEAKER_27]
We missed you last week.
We had a really good episode with Mary Tally Bowden and Paul Merrick.
And they said to say hello.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes.
Well, hello to them.
And yeah, it was, uh, I had a conflict with the plane.

[SPEAKER_27]
Oh yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
The plane was taking off when we were going live.
So yeah.
Well, and that was in, that was the only flight I could get on.

[SPEAKER_27]
So those things happen more frequently these days.
These, uh, plane delays.
You have any delays in your travel?

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, I have a trip to Asia coming up for the next three weeks.
So the time zone may be a little bit tricky.
OK. Well, we'll see.
I may have to get up early.

[SPEAKER_27]
Well, you've been writing on SubSec.
You did a survey.
I want to actually ask you about this new survey that you did that confirms that vaccines are by far the number one cause of chronic disease in America.
Tell me about why you did the survey and how it came about and what the results were.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, for some reason, I was just taking a look at this survey done by the control group.
And I think it was back in 2020, or maybe it was back in 2000.
I know it had some zeros at the end.
And in that survey, it showed that people who are unvaccinated didn't have any cancer.
They didn't have any heart disease and so forth.
And the odds ratios were just completely
incredible.
And so I was just really curious to find out if I could replicate that result with my followers because it turns out that about 20% of my followers are totally unvaxxed and about 20% are fully vaxxed or highly vaxxed.
And by the way, what he's showing you is the list of symptoms that are affected by vaccination.
And basically, of the 61 symptoms I asked about, every single one of them that I had statistical significance on was elevated by vaccination.
And so this just tells you the degree of elevation.
And anything greater than two or more means that it's the number one cause of the disease.
So you can see dyslexia is super high, febrile seizures is super high.
Those things are not a coincidence.
You're caused by vaccines, epilepsy and seizures.
Again, rated super highly.
Sexual orientation issues, odds ratio of 6.88.
So
And I did a further calculation using numbers that were more up to date than that particular calculation.
And the numbers, and then a math professor wrote me in and he said, hey, he read my article and he wanted to double check my work.
And then he did a regression analysis and he found that the Pearson's correlation coefficient, otherwise known as R, was 0.97.
And the T statistic was over seven.
So what he did, what I did is I just compared the two endpoints.
I compare it the fully unvaccinated on the one end and the fully vaccinated or the 90% or more vaccinated, because those are the two extremes.
And if I'm going to see a signal, I'm going to see a signal between those extremes.
And what he did is he said, no, no, no, no, no, you got five points on the line.
And of course, two of them are fixed.
So you have three degrees of freedom in between for those points to go anywhere they want to.
And he's able to draw a line through the five points.
And he gets this r value of 0.97, which is completely off the charts.
Like if you're doing any statistics, you're going to be lucky if you can see a correlation of 0.23 or more on something that is causing something to happen.
So what's known as moderate causality would be like 0.7 or more.
But one is perfect correlation.
So this is
nearly perfect correlation.
And it says that if you double the vaccines, you're going to get double the cases of sexual orientation.
If you triple the vaccines, you're going to have three times the number.
So its dose dependent is what it shows.
Now, dose dependency is something that
It's a telltale for causality.

[SPEAKER_27]
What does that mean, dose dependent?

[SPEAKER_07]
It means that if you increase the dose, that you get a corresponding increase in response.
And if it's linear, which it was, because he basically took the log odds rather than the odds, because we took the odds, then it would be exponential because it's times two times two times two times two.
But if you do it on a log scale, then anything that's exponentially related or geometrically related is a straight line.
And so he showed, you double, you basically, he plotted the log odds on the XY axis.
So the X axis is the,
how heavily you're given the vaccine, and the y-axis is the log odds of being diagnosed with that condition compared to the control group, which is the unvaccinated.
And so he showed that if you're 100% vaccinated and the effect size was 10, that if you're
in the middle, if you're, you know, 50% vaccinated, that it's this linear relationship where you basically double the dose, you double the response, you double the dose, you double the response, you know, go up and up, right?
So if you did it on a linear axis, it's an exponential.
If you do it on a y-axis, it's going to be a straight line.
So it was stunning.
I mean it blew my socks off because I'm expect I read this email and it comes in and he says well you did it wrong because you're well you didn't say you did it right.
He said you know I wanted to take a closer look at this and so I decided to look at all the data points rather than just the extremes and see if the data points line up and they wind up perfectly.
So people can still accuse me of, oh, your survey is biased, and blah, blah, blah.
Your survey can't be biased if you're seeing this kind of a dose response.
I mean, it is insane.
So this is something that people can't ignore.
This is something that could be replicated by anyone.
It took me a whole hour to write up the survey on the air table.
And then it took 24 hours to collect over 10,000 responses.
And because I'm a misinformation superspreader, 20% of my followers are totally unvaccinated.
Now, if I was just a normal guy, I'd have to send this to like a million people to get a thousand people who are fully unvaccinated.
You know, it's like, those things are really, yeah, it's like finding a needle in a haystack.
But I happen to have lots of needles in my haystack.
So I'm able to do these surveys and effectively get equal numbers that are fully unvaccinated versus highly vaccinated.
And so I can do these comparisons that nobody else could do unless they had a million followers.
And so I'm in this amazing position to collect data.
And the data that you get back is stunning because there is no way you can explain this data.
And you could explain it just from the odd ratio analysis.
I did it very simply.
But he looked at all five data points.
He looked at no vaccine, 25% vaccine, 50% vaccine, 75% vaccine, and 90% and greater vaccines.
Five data points, right?
So four quadrants, effectively, plus the unvaccinated.
They line up.
They line up in a straight line.
Perfect.
I was blown away.
I saw this last night at dinner.
I was reading my emails and I'm like, whoa.
This is the single most exciting thing that I've seen.
And so when you have sexual orientation issues and gender identity issues and
you know, that sort of thing that are being caused by the vaccine.
It basically means that 92% of these cases based on the odd ratios is caused by the vaccine.
This is
This will blow people's minds.
And you can't say the survey is biased either, because I looked at the overall incidence of these chronic diseases in the general public versus the people who responded as highly vaccinated.
So they should match up.
But in fact, they did match up.
And in fact, I was actually being understated in terms of the effect.
If you actually look at the data, like you can do these hand-waving arguments and say, oh, your polls are biased because your readers are biased.
No, because I'm using odds ratios.
So the mix doesn't matter.
It only matters if they became a follower because they got a vaccine injury.
And I just have all of my followers who are heavily vaccinated are vaccine injured.
But that's not the case.
So anyway, it was vindication.
It was affirmation of the work that I've done.
Unfortunately, you need to be a statistician to really appreciate what has happened here and what the data shows.
And so I had a phone call with John Enides today.
Johnny and Edie is a famous, very famous guy.
He's written the most cited paper I think in the history of medicine saying that over half the stuff that you see in the medical journals is wrong.
And so I told him, I said, hey, I got this result.
And I said, can I show you the data?
He said, sure.
And he said, let me get this straight.
So are you saying that the unvaccinated were healthier?
You mean the vaccinated were healthier, don't you?
So he has no clue.
He had no clue that these vaccines are.
So this is going to be interesting because if I can red pill Ian Edie's

[SPEAKER_27]
It's all over.
We'll have to bring him on and dive deeper on a future episode.
I'm going to shift gears now and talk about our, our special guest tonight, John Davidson.
But before we bring him on, I want to share a clip from his film, Epidemic of Fraud.
Here comes the first clip and then we'll bring him on right after this.

[SPEAKER_09]
What is hydroxychloroquine?
Hydroxychloroquine is a derivative of chloroquine, one of the first malarial drugs invented.
Chloroquine was based off of a drug called quinine.
Quinine is also credited as the first chemical compound used to treat an infectious disease.
quinine was initially ground from the bark of a cinchona tree.
It was given to settlers from Spain by Indians near Peru in the 1600s and brought to the western world as a cure for malaria.
Eventually Jesuit priests traveled the world with cinchona bark, so much so that it was commonly known as Jesuit's bark.
In 1751 the Spanish crown took control of all the sources of quinine, restricting access as a new form of scientific-based imperialism.
At the beginning of the American Revolution, George Washington requested his political masters buy up as much cinchona bark and quinine powder as possible, a deciding factor in the fate of the new nation.
Because in 1778, the Spanish crown restricted British access to quinine.
In 1820, quinine was officially isolated, reducing the need for cinchona tree bark.
That development opened the door of European exploration to all of Africa, considered at the time the white man's graveyard, due to how many Europeans died from malaria on the continent.
In the 1860s, during the American Civil War, southern states relied heavily on shipping for goods, services, and medications.
So Honest Abe Lincoln and his advisors enacted the Northern Blockade to block cotton shipments to Europe, weapons imports, and quinine.
Lincoln's goal with blocking quinine was to create as many sick and dead southern soldiers as possible.
Because a sick soldier slows down an army and drains resources.
This ultimately means that Abraham Lincoln could be considered by some a practitioner of biological warfare against men and women, young and old, free and slave.
Things were so desperate for the South that John Wilkes Booth, Lincoln's alleged assassin, smuggled quinine to friends and family.
In their desperation, Southern doctors searched for native plants and trees local to the South to replace Sinchona, the one that came up the most, the bark of a dogwood tree.
When the information was provided to doctors across the South that they had a potential alternative, the doctors didn't use it because they felt it hadn't had enough clinical trials and didn't want to be considered homeopaths.
Where have we heard that before?

[SPEAKER_18]
The information that you're referring to specifically is anecdotal.
It was not done in a controlled clinical trial, so you really can't make any definitive statement about it.

[SPEAKER_09]
But the role of quinine in war doesn't stop there.
In the 1860s malaria was a major issue for English soldiers in India, so soldiers began combining the bitter-tasting quinine with water and an alcoholic beverage to get their daily dose of the life-saving medicine.
Thus, the gin and tonic was born.
The medicinal beverage was so important to the crown that Winston Churchill stated,
The genitonic drink has saved more Englishman's lives and minds than all the doctors in the empire.

[SPEAKER_27]
And I'd like to welcome the director of that film, Epidemic Afraud, John Davidson.
Welcome to the show.
Oh, you're muted, John.
Sorry.
No, on the Eevee Mux.
No, still muted.
Sorry.
On the computer.

[SPEAKER_09]
There we go.

[SPEAKER_27]
There he is.
All right.
Welcome to the show, John.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thanks for having me, guys.

[SPEAKER_27]
I want to give you a little gin and tonic toast.
I don't ever drink.
Oh, man.
Cheers.
I'm going to.
Cheers.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Oh, nice.
Nice touch, Livio.

[SPEAKER_27]
I would like to read your bio before we get started here.
You are.
The highly acclaimed director of the film, Epidemic of Fraud, you had a 20-year career in Hollywood as a writer, producer, director, and visual effects supervisor.
This film delves deep into the history of the coordinated suppression of a class of medications, most notably quinine and its derivatives such as hydroxychloroquine.
the film artfully documents and orchestrated or the orchestrated media medical and political collusion, which have occurred against these ancient medications.
Davidson also a former CNN editor, we're going to talk about that, was an unlikely candidate to dive down this rabbit hole.
But he has come out the other side a true believer in the dark forces at work to deprive humanity of its right to good health and quality medical treatment.
And we're so lucky to have you this evening and appreciate the film so much and the work that you've done.
I learned so much watching that film.
And thank you for being here again.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_27]
I'm going to leave you guys at it for a while.
I'll jump in and out.
And remember, I've got some other clips if you guys want to watch.
And I'll be back later on in the show.

[SPEAKER_09]
OK.

[SPEAKER_07]
John, so how many people have seen your film?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I can't say for sure, but I know that the original post on Twitter has gotten over a million views.
And between Dr. Didier Raoult, who shared it in France, and a few other people that jacked it and posted it, we're probably around 2 million.
Although, you know, to be fair, a view on Twitter doesn't necessarily mean that it is an entire film.
They watched the whole film.
But it's good for marketing.

[SPEAKER_07]
All right.
And how many death threats have you gotten since the film came out?

[SPEAKER_09]
None.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's good.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
How many, how many friends have you lost since the film came out?

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, they were gone a long time ago.
Okay.
You know, my, my work with broken truth, uh, has, has probably ostracized me as much as this film could have.
In fact, the film probably is going to bring some people back.
Really?

[SPEAKER_07]
That's good.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean, how many people do you think have turned have, have been red-pilled by the film?
Like, wait, if you show this to a hundred people who are,
taken the blue pill.
How many would red pill after the film or would be red pillable?

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, just a stab in the dark, but maybe 20, 25%.
That's huge.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'll show it four times.

[SPEAKER_28]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, I mean, I'd love it to be more, but unfortunately the reality is, uh, some people, you, they just are won't yet.

[SPEAKER_07]
Huh?
They,

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, Matthias Stedman.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right, right.
And you can't get out.
There's no way out.
Like if you went up against one of these people and tried to convince them, so you could go for years and nothing would happen.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, what you're encountering are people, so they'll run to these defensive positions like, oh, well, who do you trust?
I don't know who to trust.
And I'm like, don't trust me.
Look, this is history.
These are ancient books.
This is data.
This is data.
It's not even like a website that can be changed or altered or manipulated like Wikipedia.
These are old books of our human history.
I have a 300 plus source bibliography for anyone that's interested.
It's important that we learn how to verify data.
I provide the information and the ones that want it will take it and the ones that are just lost are lost.
Hopefully, this is as good a shot as I can give anybody to come through to the other side.

[SPEAKER_07]
So what would you, what would, what do you think the unreachable number is?
Is it 10% 20%?

[SPEAKER_27]
I'm going to jump in for one second.
John, can I get you to turn the gain up on that microphone a little bit to just to, how's that?
Yeah, that's getting better.
We're hearing from the audience that we're, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, much better.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_27]
Yeah.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, you know, I try, uh, to get it across to people and,
I feel like if they sit through the entire thing, especially when you see my journey, I'm with President Clinton, President or Vice President Gore, I worked at CNN.
I mean, these are all things that sort of bring down defenses so that I can just say, now this is what's happened.
And it's bizarre and really disappointing that we are in a situation where a political allegiance dictates whether or not people can think rationally.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, it is.
But what percentage of them are unreachable?

[SPEAKER_09]
And so I just try to give it to them and hope that they eventually get it.
Because we're in a situation now where we're not being allowed to use our own obvious evidence of things happening in front of us.
I mean, it's one thing to exploit things in a way that
you know, push an agenda.
Some people could say that movies like died suddenly sort of do that, right?
People died before, died suddenly, and they've died after.
But at the same time, how many anecdotal pieces of evidence do we actually need before we start to have to build our own base of evidence just from what we've experienced?
Because that's
That's what really upsets me about all this, is that we are being told, especially with Harvard when they change the rules to ignore epidemiology in favor of more data-driven randomized controlled clinical trials.

[SPEAKER_07]
You don't want to do that, like masks or masks on campus?
There's no date on that.
There's no randomized control trials on that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
I mean, it's six foot rule.

[SPEAKER_07]
There's no randomized control trial on that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
I mean, it's all pick and choose.
And when you realize that the FDA and these agencies are
as much if not more actual damage control agencies versus scientific resources for the American population.
That's when you really start having to investigate and you can't trust anything.
You have to go back not just in the last four years, but in the last 60, 70 years.
And that's when you just start to uncover things like SV 40 and the polio vaccine.
And everything that we thought was rock solid science, it ain't.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's right.
Oh, sorry.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
How long take you to make the movie?

[SPEAKER_09]
I started in 2020, early 2020 actually.
I was documenting all of the falling down videos of people in China.
I was saving them, I was offlining them because once I saw like zero hedge get banned off Twitter.
and censored.
I knew something was up.
And that to me was evidence that something bad was coming.
I just thought it was the disease and I didn't think it was going to be the reaction or overreaction or exploitation of this disease to push other agendas that we're still trying to figure out.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
And how much did it cost to make the movie?

[SPEAKER_09]
I would say probably about a million bucks.

[SPEAKER_07]
And did you, were you, have you raised all that money or are you still trying to raise money for it?

[SPEAKER_09]
I have, I've raised about 10,000.
I turned it away from my career.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, it took you, it cost you a million dollars to make the film and you made $10,000 on it.

[SPEAKER_09]
because I stopped working for the networks in 2021, early 2021.
So that was lost income.
And then I still was surviving.
But then also I was traveling, going to Puerto Rico with doctors, going to DC and New York and, you know, or wherever I could go to investigate things.

[SPEAKER_07]
So I mean, it's- I feel your pain.

[SPEAKER_09]
And then taxes on that money too.

[SPEAKER_07]
So, so yeah, I just sort of round ball it, but- You know, you don't have to pay taxes unless you live in DC.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah, gotcha.
Hey, someone should have told me that a couple years ago.
You might want to look into that.
It's actually true.

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean, this is a longer story, but it turns out you don't have a legal obligation to pay US taxes.
But that doesn't stop, but the flip side is it doesn't stop California and the feds from coming after you for the taxes.
Right.
And so they get the lawyer up.
But there's some techniques that you can use to legally cut your tax liability.

[SPEAKER_09]
My concern was because I, it's kind of like I was Ryu and Street Fighter II cooking up my fireball.
And I knew this was going to come out eventually for the last three or four years.

[SPEAKER_07]
So so I just did everything is buy but buy the book as I could I didn't want to have any avenue of attack Okay So so where could people go to to help you in your find the financial hole that you're in?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you can go to epidemicoffraud.com and there's a donate button there.
There's a paypal credit card option.
There's also a coinbase donation option as well for any billionaire NFT holders, whatnot.
But also, you know, one of the other things that I'm doing is because I had an ad agency and and serviced the networks in the studios and also almost every brand in the United States for the last 20 years.
I am sort of dipping back into providing those services, you know, commercial writing production.
development, you know, marketing, whatnot.
For the, you know, I don't want to say good guys, because I think at the end of the day, a lot of people that made bad decisions were also good guys.
They just were, you know, duped.
I was duped.
But I'm trying to sort of reestablish this counter force against this mainstream agenda that just seems to be filled with gaslighters and deception.
And I think a lot of companies need help.
So that's what I'm trying to do now.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
So let's talk about the doopy.
When did you work for mainstream media?
You did PSAs to stay home, to wear masks and to get vaccinated.
How did you go from being one of the good guys to being on the dark side with people like me?

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, I mean, I was, so to go back in my history, I was as paranoid about COVID in January, I think sixth of 2020.
I was telling my wife, we're not going out in public with the kids again because something's coming.
I was seeing sort of early reports on Zero Hedge and whatever else.
And so that was an initial reaction that I had.
And then by February, I was convinced that what's coming was really unstoppable.
And I had told the networks and a few other companies in Silicon Valley even that this was coming.
And I thought the lockdown was going to be based on sort of our estimation of, you know, dormancy and things like that.
And what they were saying, the virus would sit in you for, you know, six to 18 days before you'd actually appear symptomatic and whatnot.
So I assumed that by March 18th to 24th, there would be a lockdown in California.
Right.
So at that point I was ready to make the videos for the networks because all the other vendors were, you know, panicking, scrambling to work from home.
To that end, I was aware that there was censorship going on and that was problematic to me.
I wasn't a big fan of Twitter at the time.
Censorship and the disruption of communication is in my opinion, you know, like they say in Star Wars Communication disruption can only mean one thing invasion.
So so for me, I thought okay something Did I just quote the Phantom Menace?
Are you gonna cut me off on that?

[SPEAKER_07]
That's alright.
It's alright.
We don't censor people here

[SPEAKER_09]
So, you know, I went through that questionable period and then I was making PSAs and then I thought, okay, if I can get in touch with doctors in New York, the networks told me they would be interested in a public service announcement that I could get with frontline doctors.
So I started harassing doctors on Twitter, you know, especially because they were also public and vocal about, oh, this is so terrible.
So I said, okay, well, let me help you.
And I called their bluff, I guess you could say.
And as I was doing that, I was trying to help them, but also I was trying to get more information.
I said, can you send me videos of the hospitals?
Can you send me this, that?
And it was so curious to me that before some doctors could speak to me, they had to have hospital approval.
Meanwhile, you could have doctors at Harvard bring them women publicly deriding anyone that promoted hydroxychloroquine with zero concern about whether or not the hospital would be upset that they were speaking publicly.
So that sort of dichotomy of silencing some, but allowing others to slander on the other was very curious to me.
And some of the reactions of some of the doctors that I communicated with was questionable.
And I realized something else was going on.
But around that same time, the Sopondesis study came out.
And it was such a warning to anyone that using hydroxychloroquine would be deadly, that all the networks, I'm sorry to say, but were all very politically biased, were completely 100% eager to pitch that concept.
And they really slammed it hard over everyone's head that this was a deadly drug.
They had proof now.
It's the largest study of its kind.
It's irrefutable data.
You had people from Scripps Research or whatnot in San Diego going on television talking about how, oh, this drug is...
You know, really, we need to stop it.
Harvard was trotting out their research participants in the study.
You know, say the president should stop taking this.
You know, everybody was so excited that they could have a gotcha on Trump that they didn't ask any questions about the history of this medication.
And that that was so damning when two weeks later, not even two weeks, the study was retracted for complete fraud.
You know, they were saying that there were people that were confirmed positive.

[SPEAKER_07]
One of the rare times that a fraudulent study gets retracted.

[SPEAKER_09]
Which is, I mean, yeah, it's curious in its own right.
And it's only retracted as soon as our good friend David Boolware, who you know very well, was able to roll in his study saying it didn't work at all.
Uh, so, so, you know, they took one away and like Indiana Jones swapping it for the other, uh, a bag of sand for the golden monkey head.
Uh, so you see, you know, they waited to retract until they had other evidence to justify their actions.
And then immediately after that, the WHO used the totality of that evidence, even though some of it was fraudulent to just yank, you know, 82 different clinical trials.
And, uh, there are parts in the, that I wanted to put in the film.
But I didn't but it you know shows it shows them almost laughing at the WHO The people that were proposing the idea that they should stop the studies so so they were they were just running a con on us and Then what do they have to go?
Oh, well here's some crap studies on remdesivir that was killing people in the Ebola trials But we'll just roll it out for any old thing we want and it's free from effective.
Yeah, $3,000 a pop
it actually served to create more death and kept driving the numbers and the damage from COVID.

[SPEAKER_07]
So what we've now been left with is... By the way, those deaths, when people got the Remdesivir and died due to the Remdesivir, those were counted as COVID deaths, right?
Of course.
Which is a lot because they could just collect the data on that and say, gee, every time we give them remdesivir, they die from COVID death.
Nobody likes to put the two and two together.

[SPEAKER_09]
Our government has that number.
They could tell us which doctors and which hospitals had the highest death rates.
And this is something maybe we can collaborate with John Bowdoin on because he has a lot of good data.
But if we could find the doctors that were the deadliest,
and the hospital systems that were the deadliest, we may find some smoking guns within that data.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so have you asked any hospitals for their data?

[SPEAKER_09]
They won't give it.
I've been banned and blocked by Methodist Hospital in Houston for supporting Mary Bowden.
Yeah, they blocked you on Twitter.

[SPEAKER_07]
Oh, they blocked you on Twitter and they banned you from the hospital?

[SPEAKER_09]
Not from the hospital, but they blocked me on Twitter.

[SPEAKER_07]
Okay, so so if you oh where do you live by the way?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm in California Southern California.

[SPEAKER_27]
You are okay, okay, so you're not gonna And play a clip because it's relevant.
You guys were just talking about I want to play another clip from the film here it comes

[SPEAKER_09]
During the Cold War, the CIA created something called Operation Mockingbird.
This is where the CIA colluded and worked with journalists across all media to influence public perception.
Are the journalists and scientists that you're about to see part of a modern-day version of Operation Mockingbird?
You be the judge.

[SPEAKER_11]
Breaking news this morning.
A new study shows, and this is an expansive study, that the antimalaria drug that the president touted repeatedly.

[SPEAKER_16]
This is a very, very large study.

[SPEAKER_15]
The largest study to date of its kind.
Very large study.

[SPEAKER_17]
The size of this study.

[SPEAKER_13]
It was a massive study.

[SPEAKER_11]
This is a very, very large study.

[SPEAKER_17]
Much larger.

[SPEAKER_11]
Much larger than previous studies.

[SPEAKER_17]
It's a huge development.
Huge.

[SPEAKER_13]
large study published by the Lancet.
In the Lancet, which is a very influential medical journal, published in the Lancet, gets one of our clearest studies.

[SPEAKER_11]
This is a really powerful study.
It's large but shows real danger here.

[SPEAKER_22]
Increased risk of death.
Increased risk of dying.

[SPEAKER_11]
This is a

[SPEAKER_15]
If you're a drug, it's dangerous.
Hydroxychloroquine does more bad than good.
It hurts.
Or more likely to die.
This is no cure.
There is harm.
Probably dangerous.
Let's bring in Dr. Suppen Desai.
He is one of the lead researchers of the study.

[SPEAKER_14]
And I think before we start making claims on medications that work or don't work, let science do its job.
Let data drive this discussion.
This study involves 671 hospitals

[SPEAKER_16]
671 hospitals.

[SPEAKER_15]
600 hospitals over six continents.
Nearly 700 hospitals.

[SPEAKER_17]
Tens of thousands of people.

[SPEAKER_13]
96,000 seriously ill COVID-19 patients.

[SPEAKER_17]
96,000 patients.

[SPEAKER_13]
Almost 100,000 patients.
It is high quality evidence.

[SPEAKER_15]
The off-labeled use of these medications in hospitalized patients with COVID should immediately stop.
Is there any data that suggests that taking it before you're sick will keep you from getting sick?

[SPEAKER_28]
It seems to debunk a lot of the miracle cure claim that's been pedaled by President Trump.

[SPEAKER_13]
The president has been reckless in his promotion of this drug.
The president has promoted the drug, touted by and taken by President Trump.

[SPEAKER_22]
Nancy Pelosi was bringing up that if you have a pre-existing condition, and she was saying that the president fell into that range with his heart and his weight,

[SPEAKER_15]
This is in line with this Trump doctrine.
But the president does not know what he's talking about when it comes to science.

[SPEAKER_13]
He is definitely not a doctor.
He should probably acknowledge that he was wrong.

[SPEAKER_17]
Why not take it?
Because you might die.
How many people listened to him?
And how many people took it?

[SPEAKER_13]
He also claimed political bias.
He's been taking it.
Why is he taking it?
The president won't stop taking it too.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, he stopped taking it yesterday.
A risk to prescribe this to the sitting president?

[SPEAKER_23]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_14]
Chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine both are associated with a higher risk of dangerous heart arrhythmias and an increased chance of death.

[SPEAKER_15]
Science and facts be damned.

[SPEAKER_24]
Breaking news that we are following today, the World Health Organization has temporarily halted studying the Trump touted drug hydroxychloroquine as a potential treatment for coronavirus, citing safety concerns.
Officials made the decision after new findings linked it to a higher risk of death.

[SPEAKER_13]
The WHO had to act that they have to pause this one now, that it's not ethical to continue.

[SPEAKER_24]
Unethical to continue.
I think that really encapsulates what is going on here.

[SPEAKER_20]
A paper published in the Lancet in May of 2020 that said Hydroxychloroquine didn't work for COVID was retracted after the authors were unable to confirm that any of the data was accurate.

[SPEAKER_08]
An influential article which found the drug hydroxychloroquine increased the risk of death and COVID-19 patients was retracted on Thursday.

[SPEAKER_24]
It was all fake.

[SPEAKER_27]
Brilliant montage.
You would think with all the Trump derangement syndrome they would have kept feeding it so that it would have killed him that you would think right if it was so dangerous hydroxychloroquine that they would have just like
take more.
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
What's fascinating about that is not just, obviously, that this was a slander of a tonic water, basically.
But you want to say, okay, they were clearly just anti-Trump and anything that Trump said they would attack.
But that's not exactly the case.
Look at Remdesivir.
They fully embraced it.
Everyone embraced it, even though it was paid for by Trump.
So it was a very, someone was pulling strings and picking and choosing.
which drugs we would be outraged by and which ones we would support.
And it just happened to be conveniently the most expensive one that would continue the pandemic all the way until whenever they wanted it to end.
So that's really, and also, you know, no one really gets upset that Trump pushed the vaccine and pushed that through.
that's not associated with him, that emotional transference, only the cheap pill that's 400 years old, or based off of a class of medications that's 400 years old.
So it's, you know, understanding that the denial of access to this medication has been repeatedly used throughout history.
And then
the controlling aspects of the media response, put those together and it really does look like something more nefarious was afoot.

[SPEAKER_07]
So what was your big wake up moment when you went from believing the narrative which you were like when you were making those PSAs for dead your vaccine?
Right.
You clearly believe that you were doing the right thing, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
So just to quantify, when I say I promoted the vaccine, in one of my PSAs, one of the doctors said, you know, we find a cure and develop a vaccine or something to that effect.
So I left that in the PSA.
So I wasn't necessarily promoting Pfizer or whatever else.
But I have to be honest when I say that I did a thing where they promoted a vaccine.
Uh, was it a big supporter?
Was I, you know, walking around with a Pfizer banner?
No, I didn't get paid by Pfizer or anything like that.
However, I would not want to make a statement and say like I never did it.
And then someone use that against me.
So I think better just to be honest about it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.
But when, when was your red pill moment?
What was the thing that moved you from essentially buying the narrative?
to what was your wake-up moment?
Did it happen gradually over time, or was there a specific incident that you can point to that when it happened, you went, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
This two plus two is not equal to five.
You're trying to convince me that two plus two equals five.
It's not equal to five.
What was the wake-up moment for you?

[SPEAKER_09]
Because you got to remember, a supondesized study happened right around the same time as the George Floyd riots and everything else.
And I think it was a combination of zero ramifications for what he did.
He maybe left his job and moved to Massachusetts, whatever else.
And he basically walked down on some of his medical licenses versus answering any questions.
But there was no knock on his door from the FBI for essentially screaming fire in a crowded theater, but in a national level, saying deadly for a safe medication that could have helped people.
You know, we're, we're, we're, we're, I mean, that, if that's not a crime.

[SPEAKER_07]
One medical ignorance, right?
He could have said, well, I thought that there were some studies that showed this, and they were higher quality studies, in my opinion.
And they could have danced around it.
Except that he faked data.
That's fraud.
Oh, well, that part, yeah.
So regardless of what he thinks.
Right.
So there are no repercussions for saying that we had 671
hospitals over six continents and 96,000 patients that were all fabricated.
But that exists all the time.
It doesn't mean that the whole vaccine program is...
There are people who are individually corrupt, but
that was a you could have just attributed that to to him right and not to the whole like what was the thing that really woke you up about the vaccines are not safe well as far as the vaccines um

[SPEAKER_09]
I learned about SV 40 and the polio vaccine and I reached out to Janet Woodcock about it and she said, yes, we knew about that.
And then she, this was in October of 2021.
I'd spent most of my time just really trying to connect patients with doctors and pharmacies who wanted hydroxychloroquine and throughout most of 2020 in the summer and the fall.
And then in 2021, I was sort of asked to promote the vaccines by one of the networks.
And it was a documentary featuring Fauci and Collins and how great this new vaccine they pushed was.
And I'm like, I said to the head of a network, I said, how can I do this and still have a soul?
And make sure you as my client still has a soul.
I said, I can't do it.
I can't promote this.
It's not ready.

[SPEAKER_07]
How'd you know?
How did you know?
Because just because they fake the hydroxychloroquine data doesn't mean that the COVID vaccine is not effective.
How'd you know?

[SPEAKER_09]
Once the system lies, and not just one person.
Small lie.
Once the entire system collectively
began to commit fraud and then kind of covered it up.

[SPEAKER_07]
Didn't really... You cannot take that... Then you lost trust, basically.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I forget the name of it, but in the legal system, if a witness lies on the stand,
You no longer take any of their their statement so you impeach their credibility exactly and and once that credibility was impeached I had to I had to take everything with a huge grant I see okay, but also when when
Doctors were telling us that, oh, there was going to be a wave of death and all the hospitals were going to be filled up and it's going to be, you know, people dying in the streets.
You know, there was no falling down at that point in time in the United States.
We didn't see that like we supposedly saw out of China.
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
But when they said you don't... Yeah, you didn't manage the rhetoric, basically.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
You can't go...
When they said you can't go to church, but you can set the streets of Minnesota on fire.
and protest.
That's when they said that was safe, but going to church wasn't.
I was like, okay, somebody's lying here.
This is all garbage.
This whole thing is a scam.
And I was also very astounded by the extreme political nature of many doctors on Twitter.
I had never experienced that.
I mean, most doctors, you know, they don't have a private conversation with you.
Maybe they'll tell you kind of what they think privately.
But they would never say so publicly.
So this sort of unhinged behavior from medical doctors on public forums
was just astounding to me.
So everything about the entire industry at this point now was so screwed up to me I didn't want to take any of it for for truth because it was obviously a lie.
So you know it was a combination of things but I really know that in June of 2020 I was one of the few voices on Twitter demanding that you know there'd be some sort of punishment for this guy.
He
I really can't say how much damage Supandasai did, but in a way, ironically, he maybe did a bad thing that had very good results because it redpilled me and probably a lot of other people.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so nothing's happened to him, right?
He's just still in his medical license.

[SPEAKER_09]
He lost his medical license not because of any sort of punishment.
I think he just let them expire in Ohio and Illinois.
What's he doing now?
Now he lives in Massachusetts and is an expert for hire.
But I still think he's he's still a registered surgeon, which is I forget the name that they use when they My I'm blanking on it, but he he's still certified cardiac surgeon even though he doesn't have a medical license I mean he could very well.
I mean we know Massachusetts is a
Their medical licensing board is... That seems a word.
Yeah, their medical licensing board is very corrupt.
To say the least.
Somebody told me they had bulletproof windows.
That's a sign you're not doing your job right.
There you go.
But I suppose he could if he wanted to probably get approval to use a fake name for a new medical license.
And just going under the radar because that seems to be how these things work.

[SPEAKER_07]
Did you ever try to interview?
He doesn't respond to emails.
He doesn't respond to emails.
What do you know?
Yeah, maybe you can maybe you can help me because you're in the media So when you are on the good side of things and you are CNN and you would call up Anybody would they always get like right back to you within nanoseconds?

[SPEAKER_09]
The only time I really had any sort of effort to use my sort of job was, there was an earthquake, I believe in like Afghanistan or Iran or something that took place like shortly after a nuclear test that I think either India or Pakistan had.
You know, part of the response about the earthquake was that they could sense it, you know, they detected it in Australia across the planet.
So I went to a USGS official and asked them if there was any indication that perhaps
The earthquake could have been sort of exacerbated by a nuclear test.
And they quoted Superman one to me.
And said, oh, of course not.
That could never do anything like that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Well, Superman one is a scientific equivalent to what's in the scientific literature, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
Yeah, I mean, if you fly backwards around the planet enough times, I do think you can reverse time.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, if you can't trust Superman, who can you trust?
I know, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
If a guy in tights in a cape shows up at your house, I mean, just trust him.
From Krypton.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, from Krypton.
You've got to take him seriously, especially if he can fly.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
That's the, that's the test, right?
Any guy who fly in, in, she's got the cape and the tights and he can fly.
You take him seriously.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, so somebody asked what I thought of the following down by some, one of the questions popped up asking what I thought about the, the falling down videos out of China now in retrospect, it does seem like it was a psychological operation.
However, there were a couple of things that occurred in China in the year previous in 2019 that probably deserve a little more investigation.
One was, I think in June and August, the Chinese government mandated vaccinations.
And I think it went into effect in December of 2019.
So people were getting these vaccinations and then suddenly they're falling down.
Now, we've seen this in the United States after vaccinations here.
Yes, we have.
That's not really discussed.
Those are just coincidences, John.
Right.
Now, I could imagine, you know, that the Chinese rolled out a dirty vaccine that they thought they were copying from us that was in the works in 2019.
And suddenly it starts having negative reactions.
So, you know, there's so much around COVID and the vaccines and just dirty data in general that
I'm just pretty skeptical about everything now Should be you know, it's also very difficult to get any footage out of China But somehow we were able to get
dozens of videos from hospitals and people having conversations about how, oh, everyone's dying and droves.
And suddenly we get all these crematoriums, mobile crematoriums, putting out sulfur dioxide or whatever it is in the air.
And we were using that to measure.
I mean, so there was so much bizarre information.
and trying to sift through all that has been a challenge and I actually shared with you sort of my timeline of events that I've used to just kind of keep me on track about who said what, when they said it, what their public actions were and then I also add in
specific statements that they made in emails at date those.
So as FOIA requests come out, we learn more and more and more about what was going on in public and in the background.
And then there's a military aspect of all this that also needs to be investigated.
There's DARPA, Barda has issues.
I cover Barda in this film a lot.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so there are a lot of people who you'd like to ask questions to that don't want to answer your questions.
My two favorite parts of your film were the 671 hospitals, 671 hospitals, 671 hospitals, six continents, 96,000 patients.
That was just a marvelous segment.
And I loved the end of the movie.
And I'm not going to spoil it for people because I want you to go and watch it.
But the end is awesome, which is exactly what.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, I could tease it a little bit.
So basically, throughout the film, I sort of reference communications that I had with Janet Woodcock, who in 2021 was the acting director of the FDA.
I first emailed her on August 23rd, 2021 the day it was announced that the FDA had basically given full approval to the Pfizer vaccine.
And like the same day or just the day before it was announced that the Biden administration would not
make her the official nominee for head of the FDA.
And so one of the questions I asked her, I was like, did you just approve this thing out of spite?
I phrased it nicely, or as nice as you can ask that question.
But she was like, no.
And she said, oh, they basically finished the proper paperwork.
for the Pfizer vaccine.
And at this time, I was not aware of SV40.
I learned about SV40 about two months later, and I reached out to her about that again, and the polio vaccines, and she connected me with the CBER, not CEDR, but the biological VRBAC, whatever it is.
Yeah, at the FDA.
They're the ones that approved vaccines and whatnot.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, they're the outside committee.
Yeah, and they somewhat outside.

[SPEAKER_09]
And they connected me with a guy.

[SPEAKER_07]
This is the official outside to see.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and they called me and sort of sugarcoated this story about SB 40 and said, oh, well, we investigated and we discovered this SB 40 that caused tumors in lab animals.
In the 1950s and 60s that we discovered that oh it didn't cause any cancers in all the you know 98 million doses that we ship out Yeah, and that seems to cause autism either and I'd love for someone like you to really To sink your teeth into these studies done that I think in the late 90s by the FDA That stated that you know I think they looked at a thousand people in Ohio to say that SV 40 didn't have any increase in cancers
Yeah.
Because that's garbage.
I mean, if all these other studies that we realize are crap now have been sort of dispelled, I'm pretty confident if we dig into that, we're going to find the same thing.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, you know, I've never found a study where they actually, there was only, I found in looking at all these studies in all this time, I've only found one study
where they actually published the data so you can look at the data to see if they got it right.
The only study was the Bangladesh masks study.
And so the data was available.
I couldn't believe it.
These guys, I mean, they should be trained in medical school.
Like whenever you publish a paper, never, never publish the data because people will find out you're lying.
These guys made a big mistake.
They made a rookie mistake.
They put their data in GitHub.
We downloaded it and showed that masks didn't work.
It was like mask and not mask.
The curves overlapped.
And they decided to omit that from the paper, but it was in the GitHub repo.
So it's like, man, you never want to actually show people the data that you used for your paper.
So I only found it once, and when I did find it, it was completely showing the opposite of what the paper claimed.
And I only have one case of that.
This is why nobody wants to release the data.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, one of the studies that we investigate, so part of the format of the film is that I sort of show you this media response, but then I also kind of go into the studies that were done to discredit Tonic Water.
And one of them was a study that the first time I ever heard of you was I saw you as a donor to David Boolware at University of Minnesota.
And I didn't know anything about you.
And at that time, I was focused on other things.
So I really didn't know I'd ever talked to him.

[SPEAKER_07]
He was doing a study that could prove that hydroxychloroquine worked.
That's why I funded it, because I had evidence that it worked.
And I wanted to see it replicated in the US, so people would take it seriously.
And so Bowler ran the study.
And he proved that hydroxychloroquine actually worked.
But he didn't represent it.
No, if that's right, this is why you always want to see the underlying data.
Because when you do that, you find that, oh, wait a second, these people were delayed.
When they didn't have a reaction, it was because they got the drug too late.
If they got the drug on time,
It was statistically significant p-value, but he didn't write it up that way.
And I didn't know this at the time.
I thought it was like funding a legitimate scientist who was interested in helping people, and he was challenged by David Wiseman.
uh, who looked at the data and, and, and bullware basically ghosted Wiseman after things got a little touchy and bullware ghosted me as well when I complained.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
This is what, this, this was, oh, what you talk, you, you talk to board?

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, no, I talked to David, uh, Wiseman, uh, yesterday for about three hours.
So he kind of filled me in a lot of this too.
So I'm glad.
So you know the whole story.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, it's, there's so much to it.
Yes.
When they cut off the information, when they stop talking about the data and they don't want to talk about the data, you know what side of the narrative that they're on because they're not, they're not on, they're not scientists.
When they stop, when they stop talking to you and they don't want to talk about their data and they don't want to defend their study,
That's a problem.
That is not science.

[SPEAKER_09]
And you look at how many people David Boolware would block on Twitter for asking him questions, how sort of loaded some of his statements were.
I mean, he was calling people conspiracy theorists, which I think is a defense tactic.
And even like CIA and FBI interrogators, there's a segment of the film that I had initially done that I had to cut out for time that just has statements from people
and cross-reference with statements from, you know, TED Talks where FBI and CIA interrogators tell you how to spot a lie.
And I had one or two of those things, and they say that anytime that there's an attack when you're asking someone questions, either against a questioner or against a third party, that that's a signal of deception.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, so, you know, it's like when I talk to this guy, Dr. Shiva.
And I actually was able to talk to him directly because he completely avoided me.
Because he was attacking me on my analysis of the New Zealand data.
So I finally got on a live session with the guy.
And it was nonstop ad hominem attacks on me and Bobby Kennedy.
Nonstop ad hominem attacks.
So I like that.
It's very consistent with what you just said.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean this, I wish, maybe I'll do sort of like a cast away segment that I'll post of this segment that was taken out, but you know you see it with Fauci, you see it with a lot of people that were in this government response.
Now one part of this that I'm curious about is
Because we know the military was involved, I'm wondering if the military maybe sort of directed this narrative to turn the public off to this medication because there would not be enough supply for the entire world to have it.
And if there was too much demand, then critical infrastructure like military wouldn't have access to it.
We know that Navarro and those guys were able to get 62 million doses or so in April of 2020 from Pakistan and India, right before India cut off access.
So that seems like a lot, but we've got 327 million people in the United States.
So if every single one of them demanded 30 pills, that's not enough.
but it would be enough to cover critical infrastructure of the federal government and state government.
We even had, I didn't have time to put it in, but apparently the governor of Nevada, after he banned people from prescribing hydroxychloroquine, was hoarding it in a prison.
according to one interview I had.
So you know, this political response.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, you'd love to question these people about, hey, why didn't you do that?
Why did you do that?

[SPEAKER_09]
So there's a lot that went on that, I mean, okay, so part of the reason I say the military, we know through some statements that apparently DARPA was aware that
It was a beneficial medication for COVID in April of 2020.
They also apparently knew about Ivermectin.
The French military acquired large supplies of it in April 2020, I believe.
And I don't mention it, but I show it.
uh... an article about it at the end of the film so is it it's entirely possible that this was uh... partially a military operation and uh... and and also you can again think that we had eleven trillion dollar response that's and that number continues to increase
Um, that's a lot of money.
That's a lot of money.
I mean, Barda alone had like a $1.5 billion budget.
And then thanks to Rick Brighton and his, his crew at Barda, they were able to get a extra bump bonus that year to 4 million or so.
Oh, I'm sorry, billion.

[SPEAKER_07]
Give me 4 billion.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and BARDA has been known for sort of money laundering before.
They were referenced as the HHS used to call them under Obama, the Bank of BARDA.
So if you wanted new furniture or whatever else, you just, you know, go use their budget and you'd get new furniture for your office at the FDA or HHS or whatever else.

[SPEAKER_07]
So do you think that the next time they announce a pandemic that people instead of going to the supermarket and stocking up on toilet paper
will go to their pharmacy and stock up on hydroxychloroquine or an ivermectin.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, I think that what we've really uncovered here is that ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine and even basic things like vitamin D and whatnot, these are all weapons that work
broad spectrum against multiple sort of respiratory type diseases.
And it doesn't necessarily have to kill a specific virus as much as it just prevents your body from overreacting.
And that's maybe something that's more damning to the entire industry of medicine that constantly, you know, your tech guy, you understand this, I worked with Apple some too, so I'm a tech guy a little bit.
Tech world creates new apps, new products every year, new processors, faster RAM, better screens, and we're programmed to think that this is a cyclical thing that constantly is always moving upward and onward and faster and better.
When you approach the biomedical with that same concept, certain aspects can work.
So like robotic surgery, for example.
That's miraculous in a lot of ways.
My father-in-law had esophageal cancer last week.
They just went in with robots and took the cancer out, resected his esophagus, which is amazing.
And they did it without having to crack open his rib cage.
That's how they used to have to do it.
So that's wonderful and that's a good
combination of technology and medicine.
What's a bad combination is a pharmaceutical approach, which tells you that old medications don't work, only new expensive pills work.
And that is a terrible way to approach medicine.

[SPEAKER_07]
So let me ask you, your colleagues,
the people that you used to work with at CNN, your colleagues in the media business, would you say they're mostly still blue-pilled or have a lot of them switched over?
Like if I asked you about a hundred friends,
What percentage, what number of the hundred would you classify as currently red-pilled versus blue-pilled versus somewhere in between in the confused state, sort of the purple state?

[SPEAKER_09]
It's difficult to say.
I pretty much walked away from most of my friendship, so I can't necessarily say how many of them are redpilled or not.
I will say that a lot of them didn't want to know.
They didn't want to know anything about it.
They just wanted to be, you know, heads buried in the sand and trust whatever the doctors say.
I mean, because otherwise, if you go through this process, it's terrifying.
It was terrifying to me to go from trusting most doctors to realizing that, you know,
I knew it was bad, I knew that these things were manipulating us at times, but I guess I never really thought that in a national emergency.
where it mattered for us to do it right.
That these people would exploit that and look for ways to do it wrong.
They exploited it politically, professionally, financially.
Every way they could exploit it, they did.
And it's just shameful.
It's so shameful.
I can't express enough how disappointed I am in our federal government.
I can't be more disappointed.
It doesn't mean there aren't wonderful, good people inside of it trying to fight back.
But right now, and it's not even leadership at the top, I mean, politicians come and go.
It is this entrenched, unrestricted
industry of government that can pick and choose what they choose to do, how they respond.
And these people, these agency leaders like Janet Woodcock, you really is important that you understand that the people that tried to tell us that hydroxychloroquine was deadly are the same ones that greenlit oxycontin without clinical trials and told doctors that it wasn't addictive if you were in pain.

[SPEAKER_07]
So do you, do you, um, let me ask you about Janet Woodcock.
And then we're going to open up for questions.
Do you think that she believes what she tells you?

[SPEAKER_09]
There's no way that she could have believed that hydroxychloroquine was deadly when she supposedly told Rick Bright that there's no way she was rheumatologist.
She knows, but what's more curious at the end, the, the end of the movie,

[SPEAKER_07]
you said, we asked Janet Woodcock these questions, and this was her response.
At that point, you surely must have known that it's a cover-up.
If you weren't sure before, there was no doubt when she responded.
And we'll keep her response secret, because we want you to watch the film.
So John gave her a long list of questions.
She said, what about this?
What about this?
What about this?
What about this?
And Janet Woodcock's response to each of those points was quite enlightening.

[SPEAKER_09]
I went to her initially in good faith, even though I knew that approving that vaccine in 2021 was questionably rushed.
And August 2021,
You know, part of my work is investigating the sensors, right?
The propaganda machines like public good projects.
We have a whole series of stories called shotsgate.com, shotsgate.com.
And I investigated with some people that were inside these private Facebook groups.
You want to know how Mary Bowden got attacked?
How our medical license got attacked?
That room and these private forums and Facebook were a very big part of it.
And they were impart funded by Bio, the pharmaceutical lobbyist, among other government agencies.
So these people knew what they were doing.
And to find out that Purpose, who also created Team Halo, I don't know if you're familiar with them, they probably came after you.
Team Halo was a UN-sponsored, co-sponsored thing that was created by Purpose, which was a non-profit owned by Cap Jim and I.
It was also associated with Jeremy Hyman's former McKenzie guy.
Purpose and Team Halo would go after people that questioned research like you.
They fostered this environment and they would boost TikTok followers and they would give clout to anyone that stuck up for the narrative.
And they got three and a half million dollars, I believe, from the Rockefeller Foundation, which is where Rick Bright went after he left Barda.

[SPEAKER_07]
What a coincidence.
So he was funding attack dogs to hide what he did.

[SPEAKER_27]
Yeah.
All right, Livio.
Well, before we get to questions, and I want to remind everyone to, if you have questions, and there should be a lot already, put questions all cap and ask your question in the chat, and we'll try to get to them.
And actually, if you do a little super chat, we'll incentivize that question to move up the list.
But before we go to Q&A, I want to show another scene from the film, because this has been such a great conversation.
Let me show this scene about gaslighting.

[SPEAKER_09]
The term gaslighting comes from the movie The Gaslight, a 1944 film which depicts a woman whose husband lies to her by claiming something is not happening when it actually is.
Gaslighting is defined as manipulating someone using psychological methods into questioning their own sanity or powers of reasoning.
Gaslighting is an insidious way of making a person doubt themselves.
Gaslighters often claim your memory of events is incorrect.
They may withhold information, pretend to be confused by what you're saying, or simply refuse to listen to you at all.
They may trivialize your concerns or feelings, making you feel unimportant or irrational, which leads us to a special category of manipulation known as medical gaslighting.
Medical gaslighting occurs when doctors, nurses, and healthcare workers dismiss symptoms from patients, especially female patients.
Gaslight patients may have difficulty getting additional tests or mocked for doing their own research, discouraged from obtaining a second opinion, obstructed from their own medical records, and ultimately feel talked down to by their doctors.
Take the case of eight-year-old Riley Jones, a vaccine-injured girl who we interviewed in 2022.

[SPEAKER_06]
At VCU, we had a nurse laugh at us.
We had doctor laugh at us.
We had a nurse laugh at what we were crazy.
A nurse laugh at my mom.
Why are you treating human beings like this?

[SPEAKER_09]
How does it make you feel when the daughter is a nurse at the lab and you know your mom and dad are worried?

[SPEAKER_06]
It makes me mad, upset, sad.
But the only thing I know is that it makes me very upset that nobody will believe me and just treat it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Gaslighting is typically employed by narcissists and those with similar personality disorders.
What does it say about the practice of medicine that there's an entire category of gaslighting just for doctors and nurses?

[SPEAKER_27]
I thought after that scene it'd be good time to bring on Nurse Angela, who has seen so many people tragically fall victim to this medical gaslighting.
Welcome, Angela.
Oh, you're in loop, Boat.
Can you hear us?
Can you hear us, Angela?

[SPEAKER_05]
I can hear you.
Can you guys hear me?

[SPEAKER_27]
Yes.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Angela.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
Thank you, John.
I just have to say that that, you know, every time I see these documentaries, I say, oh, this is my favorite one and this is my favorite one.
I was in the unseeing crisis.
That was my favorite one.
Watching this one is my new favorite.

[SPEAKER_09]
Awesome.

[SPEAKER_05]
And I actually do, I want to go back and watch it again.
It was that, that good.
And there were several points in that that really kind of resonated with me.
that one about the medical gaslighting because that's what I deal with, you know, with the vaccine injured.
It's really quite shocking how many doctors actually reach out to me for help.
These are doctors that have been injured from the vaccine and they're being gaslit because they're talking about their vaccine injuries.
They can't get help.
And what a sad state we are in where I now have doctors coming to me as a nurse asking me for help because they know that I will help them.
just really, really horrific.
And, you know, to hear Riley talk about her being gaslit just is really heartbreaking and sad.
And I hope she's still doing well.
You know, I think her brave mother wouldn't take, you know, if it was up to them, they would have put her in a psych ward and called her crazy.

[SPEAKER_09]
And now they did, they did put her in a psych ward.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, they did.
And her mom was smart enough to pull her out.
And
you know, now I remember us asking if she wanted to be in the unseen crisis and she she's because her mom was so persistent and knew that she wasn't a crazy child and that she was truly a vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_21]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Not the necessary help and is now living a normal life, you know, and being a kid again.
And so I really, I, you know,
I love that part of the documentary.
The ending is fantastic.
Like, I literally, we were having this conversation with Livio like, we need to play the ending to people, but we can't give it away because it's that good.

[SPEAKER_27]
Don't jump to the end, folks.
Watch the whole movie.
Yeah, you gotta watch the whole movie.

[SPEAKER_05]
You have to see the whole movie to get to the, to really understand the end.
And then the other point that was really, oh, just, you know, such a factual documentary
But it was also very sad for me, and it's not a sad documentary, but for me being in the medical field and believing all of these agencies my entire career, working at a prestigious hospital, running multiple units, being this amazing badass charge nurse, and believing all of them, even when I started working for VSRF and working with Steve and
I still, there was a part of me that really believed and still trusted them.
And I felt like there was, that I'd be able to get through to them.
And I had meetings with, you know, I had one meeting with the FDA and the CDC.
And then I was also in communication with the NIH.
And so one of my communications was with Dr. Knapp, who was the head of neurology at the NIH, studying, taking care of these vaccine injured.
He was doing this kind of like underground study with 23 vaccine injured.
And I would reach out to him.
He didn't know that I was working for, for VSRF for taking care of the injured, but he knew me as a nurse.
And from January of 2021 up until October of 2021, I could call him.
I could send him emails.
He would respond to me on the weekends within an hour.
I'd say, you know, I have this vaccine injured in Washington.
I have a vaccine injured in.
San Francisco that are having severe neurological issues.
Which doctor can I go to?
I need your help.
And he would work with me.
He'd send me an email back immediately.
And then it wasn't until October of 2022 that I happened to mention, hey, by the way, there's this guy named Steve Kersh.
He has this data.
It's pretty alarming.
It's pretty shocking.
I said, Dr. Nath, I really think it's time you take a look at it.
Literally within minutes after that, I get an email back from somebody that he had forwarded it to in the NIH saying, you're basically cut off communication.
They said, Dr. Nath is not studying the vaccine injured.
If you have any further questions, you can refer to the NIH, the CDC, report your vaccine injury to VAERS, blah, blah, blah, very generic.
And so at that point I realized, wow, just by like actually showing, just by mentioning Steve Persha's name and showing his true and accurate data, I am cut off from the NIH.
And so that comment, I mean, I'm not gonna give a spoiler alert out there with your communication with Dr. Woodcock, but it was the same thing for me.
And that was truly shocking for me.
I think that's when my world kind of started to crumble where I was like, you know,
This is an organization I believed in these people so much.
My entire identity was based on being a nurse and believing in these people.
And that's when I realized, wow, we are up against evil.
And your documentary just really depicts, it's not an anti-vax documentary.
The censoring of hydroxychloroquine and the fraud that was involved with that is actually really what led to all of these vaccine injuries, as well as the hospital deaths.
This is one of my favorite sweatshirts to wear when I go into the hospitals, taking care of the vaccine injured.
It's like from Demsivir, run death is near.

[SPEAKER_27]
Where did you get that hoodie?
That's a great shirt.

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't even remember.
I mean, I think now all I wear is VSRS gear, as well as publicly letting the world know how dangerous these
these drugs are and how safe and ineffective the vaccines are.

[SPEAKER_27]
Angela, could you move closer to the microphone?
People having trouble hearing you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Can you hear me?
Is it better now?

[SPEAKER_27]
A little bit.

[SPEAKER_05]
OK.

[UNKNOWN]
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sorry, we were having trouble with my microphone earlier.
I was on a mic, but we were having loop interference.
So hopefully we'll get it figured out next week.
I just, I encourage everybody to watch it.
Like I said, I'm actually going to watch that again because it was so, so good and so informative.
And, and, you know, I'm sharing it all over the place because, you know, coming especially from you, you're like me.
I was one of the ones, if you look back at my social media, I was like, stay home and save lives, get vaccinated.
even after I, so I collapsed at the 12 minute mark after my vaccine.
And even after I had, you know, the serious vaccine injury, um, I was telling my family, you guys need to go get vaccinated.
Like it's just me.
I had an allergic react.
I had a rare event and you know, it's, it's, I'm not everybody else.
And, and I was telling, you know, my family, you, you've got to get vaccinated.
And it took me, it was a long process for me.
So I just hope that we can help educate people a lot more than it took me.

[SPEAKER_27]
Did I miss the question, John?
Did Steve ask you if you got vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_09]
No way, man.
By the time that thing was being trotted out, I was 100% skeptical of all of it.
Uh, I couldn't tell people, uh, you know, January of 2020, I couldn't believe they put it out at all.
Honestly, it was so rushed.
Um, but, uh, by, by January of 2021, for sure, I was like nowhere we're not getting near it.
In fact, I have not, in my family, we have not even taken a single COVID test.

[SPEAKER_27]
Oh yeah.
That's fine.
Wow.
You're in the really rare breed there.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I'm not even touching the garbage test, so.

[SPEAKER_27]
Good for you.

[SPEAKER_09]
I have other vaccines.
We were all vaccinated up until 2020, and then slammed the door on it.

[SPEAKER_27]
Yeah, yeah, that's great.

[SPEAKER_09]
And I won't do another one.

[SPEAKER_27]
Yeah, definitely not.
Never again.
Same here.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's one of those things too.
They've lost our trust in everything.
And so I think that's one of the hardest things too when you
when you are in medicine is that I relied on these people and we rely, I mean, we need medicine, we need emergency medicine, we need treatments, we need to be able to trust going to hospitals.
And, you know, everybody on our team and a lot of our audience knows, we have Amanda, who is a, she's our event planner, she's done Defeat the Mandates, she's done COVID litigation.
John, you might have met her when we were in Vegas for the last conference, but I have to travel everywhere we go because we can't trust
that the hospital will take care of her.
I mean, she has these near-death experiences that happen frequently where she stops breathing.
She has these seizure-like episodes.
And we've learned that taking her to the hospital is dangerous.
So I managed her on the road in hospital.
I've actually had Steve by my side assisting me.
You know, Dr. Steve Kersh.
People actually miss, sometimes he gets called Dr. Kersh.
But I felt safer having Steve by my side with Amanda in this horrific emergency than I did
being in a hospital.
We actually left AMA at a hospital in LA because the treatment was so horrible.

[SPEAKER_09]
In Southern California, I mean anywhere in California.

[SPEAKER_05]
We were doing Defeat the Mandates in LA and we literally, we called an ambulance.
I had Dr. Corey by my side.
Steve was there.
She was having this major medical emergency.
I was like, I cannot manage this.
We called 911.
take her to the hospital, they were horrific.
The minute they knew she had a vaccine injury, and we were down in LA doing this to beat the mandates, the minute they knew who we were, the care was, they wouldn't let me in.
So now it's like, but we need to get back to a place where we can trust medicine.
And I'm hoping that
We will get there because I do have to have faith that someday we need to break the system.
And it takes people like you, John, you know, speaking out, doing these documentaries, Steve, spreading the word.
I mean, Steve is one of the most relentless men I've ever met in my entire life.
This guy will not quit.
So we need, we need everybody.
We need more people like, you know, the Johns and the steves to get us back.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, and I know you're not just blowing smoke up my butt because, because, you know, I know Steve and I have known each other for a couple of years, but, you know, I don't think he, he didn't know what I had cooking with this movie.
And, and Steve, Steve, I kind of red pilled you a little bit, you know, once you saw it, you're like, wait a minute.
This guy is onto something.
So I appreciate that and I am very grateful for the work that you guys are doing, Steve and Angela and Livio.
I mean, it's a really difficult thing.
I was thinking about how do I sell this to film festivals because some film festivals are accepting it and then it wins awards and then some will reject it because they cannot handle the idea of it.
They don't like it.
They get mad about it.
And I'm thinking, you know, how do I do this in a way that appeals to what film festivals were always supposed to be about, right?
Art is how we
how we speak truth to power when other methods don't work.
Artists have always been rebellious by nature, but what happens when the rebels that we think are the artists take control and they're wrong?
So it's sort of like a counter
artist thing that I'm doing here.
So I think about the tank man in Tiananmen Square or the guy that doused himself in Tunisia, Muhammad when he was so sick of his government robbing his fruit cart or even Julian Assange for what he went through and what he's going through.
Edward Snowden.
It's funny when you start trying to identify these specific people who we remember for their iconic stands against tyranny, really.
There's not as many as you'd like.
But it's not because they don't exist.
It's just because history erases us.
And my hope is that there's enough of us now.
that continue to speak out and we don't back down.
We won't be silenced.
And we're right on this.
We're clearly right on this.
Yes, we are.
We are going to win.
I believe there's a spiritual component to this.
You have your own opinion.
That's totally fine.
But I didn't have much of a choice in doing this.
I was compelled to do it and every step of the way has been, you know, filled with, on one hand, fear.
Because like you say, death threats, right?
I mean, people could try to hurt you.
But on the other hand,
uh... faith just keep going because i'm protected and and this message has to come out and i have to do my part to make sure comes out so we're we're all gonna do our thing and uh... i appreciate everything you your audience steve is amazing they drive traffic to my site especially when you post on sub-stack i'm not criticizing twitter twitter is just a different beast it's sort of a stream of consciousness so sometimes things get missed by people
But your audience has donated to me and they help, you know, help us make the house payment this month.
I mean, it's been a very good thing to have the support of a lot of people that I don't know that are all over the planet and and to see that they're also upset and trying to speak out.
That's just it's just awesome.
It's just great.

[SPEAKER_05]
Our audience, we do have like the most amazing audience.
I absolutely love them.
I wish I could actually see all these comments.
and just read them the next day.
But our audience has been there for us when we've had, we've got a guy named Cody, who's a very, very dear friend of mine.
We've had him on the show.
His mother's name, her name is Heather.
She's just an incredible human being.
And Cody was injured by the J&J.
He was in his early 20s, started throwing cloths, couldn't breathe, spitting, coughing up blood.
This boy has been fighting for his life for years.
And our audience raised thousands of dollars just to alleviate some of the financial hardships.
And so we're so grateful.
And unfortunately, Cody is still battling and fighting for his life.
And we'll put the link in the chat.
So if anybody wants to donate even just a dollar, we have thousands, millions of followers on Steve Substack.
Please feel free to give a dollar.
He's been in and out of the hospital still battling.
It's just horrific.
And these injuries, I think that's what people don't really understand is the severity of locking these, you know, if we had ivermectin, if we had hydroxychloroquine, we would have never gotten to these vaccine injuries.
And what we're dealing with is so severe.
I mean, we talk about it as a team, but we have young kids that are going into cardiac arrest where their parents are reaching out to us like,
help us, you know, we have children, we have in my own little town here, we, I have, I've lost three kids due to being vaccinated, you know, and that's the other thing is they don't make the news.

[SPEAKER_07]
So how many, how many kid deaths would you have in a year before the vaccines rolled up?

[SPEAKER_05]
I have never lost a child being a charge nurse of pediatrics.
I have never lost a child
Other than drowning, I lost one child to drowning.
I did have a cardiac arrest from a softball hitting a kid.
But, you know, I was at a major teaching hospital in the Bay Area.
And I had not lost one child, you know, to any, like, drop dead, died suddenly.
Sure, we did have, you know, some childhood cancers that were really rare that we would get brought in from, you know, out of the area, because we're a big teaching hospital.
But these died suddenly, none.
And we have not lost one child to COVID.
And here we lost Oden Robinson, who is on your, I've got his death certificate.
He was vaccinated and died with myocarditis a couple of days later.
We have another little girl, a seven-year-old girl.
And then Steve and I were just looking at an autopsy report not too long ago, about 11-year-old.
And mind you, in the area where I am, it's the third most vaccinated county in the US.
Our county, we believe.
We trust and we believe.
And so everybody here is pretty much vaccinated.
And there was this 11-year-old boy who was on a field trip with all of his little colleagues.
And he collapses.
And all of these 11-year-olds witness him die.
Doesn't even make the news at all.
Not even at all.
He died of myocarditis.
And you think about if a child drowns or gets hit by a car tragically, it's awful.
It makes the news.
But the media is blocking these stories because people will start to ask these questions.
And they don't want people asking these questions.
And so it's just really, really horrific and really tragic.
But I am so passionate and dedicated.
They will not stop me.
I mean, the level of damage that they have done by killing people in the hospital due to remdebsivir due to
hospital policy and then killing the young people who were never at risk.
These young, healthy people were never at risk of dying from COVID.
What they have done to destroy their lives, you know, if they have to take me out and kill me because I'm speaking out, it's a fight.

[SPEAKER_27]
We're not going to let that happen.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, but it's a fight that I would do because, you know, you go into nursing to save lives and take care of people and spread the truth.
And, you know, it's what we have to do.

[SPEAKER_27]
I want to give a shout out while we're talking about a lot of this to our super donor.
We've been doing this feature that we started last week where we
feature an amazing donor spotlight here for this week's show.
This is the part where we highlight our donation heroes here at VSRF, and we are pleased to introduce you to one of our favorite donors and supporters, Steve S. from Boston.
Steve S. is a treasured supporter of all of us here at VSRF.
Unbelievably, Steve personally helps to fund the payroll needs of our small team here at VSRF.
so that we can produce this weekly show, provide support to the VAX injured, and all the other work we do until such time as we are successfully and consistently able to fundraise on our own.
While we are incredibly grateful for his support, it is our intention to begin crowdsourcing our payroll needs each week via modest audience donations.
So once again, we need our audience to begin to seriously consider supporting us and even the smallest amount so that folks like Steve, who are personally carrying so much of this burden, can be relieved of this significant responsibility.
But in the meantime, please join us in saying a big thank you to Steve.
Thank you, Steve from Boston for his incredible generosity and continued support.
What an inspiration.
And I also want to encourage everyone to hit the like button.
I think we've got quite a few viewers and not enough likes.
So smash that like button, please.
All right, let's get to some questions when waiting a while.
And I'll start with a question from John.
Or for John, how did your film affect your career?
Are more doors opened or closed?
That's Emerson BT.
Want to give credit to Emerson BT for that question?

[SPEAKER_09]
Hey Emerson, so it's weird.
I spent the last couple of years trying to...
So the film initially was something I made in 2020 that was sort of a compilation of data that I had and show clips, but I was very anonymous.
I was known behind it.
I masked my voice.
I posted it using fake IP addresses to library.tv.
I did not want to be associated with this at all.
I was going to be career suicide.
Uh, especially just because when you work in Hollywood, I mean, there is a strong left leaning bias in the media.
We all know it.
We see it.
Uh, but I knew it.
Uh, but I knew that, like, if they associated me with this drug that was supported Trump, then I'm done.
So I tried to not be public, but unfortunately nobody saw it.
Like I could not get any attention for it and everything just made me concerned.
And then I learned about Rick Bright and whatnot.
So I took it down after a couple of months and put it on the back burner.
I started doing Broken Truth in 2021, late 2021, 22 and interviewing people like Riley who just sort of
you know, magically would show up in places where I happened to be so I could get that interview.
And it was just, it was sort of divinely appointed that I go and see this little girl while I was on a road trip through North Carolina.
So things like that were happening and I would do those stories and they would get a little traction but nothing would go, you know what I'd call viral.
So eventually I just sort of realized, okay, I have to come back to this film.
And I used the elements of what I had been doing in Broken Truth to fill out the film more.
And I guess the point to answer your question is my career was essentially dead.
I couldn't work for the networks anymore.
I didn't try.
It felt strange for me to want to promote naked and afraid or some movie of the week when we were in a war.
where good people were being harmed.
And I just, I didn't know how to reconcile sort of frivolous work with important work.
So my career was dead, then I put out the film and doors seemed to be opening.
It may be like I said that the film is sort of a stepping stone to reconnect with people who want
you know, our side for lack of a better word to have their own marketing agency.
Um, and, but I don't, I don't really like to say a conservative marketing agency because for me, it's not a, a left or right issue.
It's more of a up and down, a good and bad rate.
Uh, and, uh,
Because I'm, you know, I got electric cars and solar panels and the tech guy, too, a little bit.
So I mean, I'm not going to fit fit the bill for your political biases for a lot of folks.
But I think I think right is right and wrong is wrong.
And so I'm trying to maybe I'm going to rebuild my career.
Maybe not.
It's up to up to higher powers than me.
But it seems like it may be on the mend.

[SPEAKER_27]
Good.
I'm gonna follow that up with a question.
Since you did work for CNN, and I don't know if you can answer this question, but it's who fed the talking points to talking heads all over the world at the same time over and over?

[SPEAKER_09]
So I think part of that is how the news processes information.
One person reports a thing and another person, you know, in their same echo chamber repeats it.
And then you had this press release that came out with this paper from Sepandos Eye that probably hit all these points.
So if you understand how the media works, you understand that they're going to look for the most salacious lines in the press release.
And they're going to end up going to parrot that.
So a great example is David Boolware knew that his study did not have, it wasn't a very strong study.
It only had 20% of the people that supposedly were positive were tested with the PCR test.
The rest were all presumed positive.
So his data is circumspect from the very beginning, but in the press release, the University of Minnesota puts out, they say, we can conclusively, that's the specific word they use, say that hydroxychloroquine is not beneficial for COVID-19.
So if you understand how the news works, you will understand that they are looking for salacious headline grabbing news, and especially if it supports their bias against the sitting president they don't like.
And a bias that their advertiser encourages, you know, which is don't use the cheat pill, promote the Pfizer and Gilead pill.

[SPEAKER_07]
Safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_09]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_27]
Right.
This is a question for both John and Steve from Ms.
Bats.
Ms.
Bats.
Are you seeing progress in taking down these people?
They and the FLCC are chipping away at it with data and lawsuits, but can they see a tipping point?
Can either of you see something changing in progress here?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I think the survey I did is deadly.
It's going to wake people up.
And I can get the funding to promote this widely.
So if Johnny Inides looks at the data and it redpills him, it's all over.
One guy.
One guy could do this.
One guy can do this.
He may be willing to.
The data is very strong.

[SPEAKER_09]
Steve and I were just at the COVID litigation conference about a month ago.
And it's interesting to see, you know, it's nice to have 200 lawyers there to talk about how they're fighting this fight.
And also nice to learn that, you know, people say that we're fired for refusal to take the vaccine, are winning their EEOC lawsuits against their former employers.
The problem that we have is we don't have enough lawyers brave enough to really pursue these cases nationwide like they should.
uh... i have somebody in atlanta georgia right now that's basically got a letter uh... calls to sue uh... from the e o c to sue a network uh... s uh... a network that uh... he worked for and we just can't get a lawyer and it's not because you know when a warner minda hall and and those great guys are uh... don't want to do it is just
They have a finite number of lawyers and resources to pursue cases.
And sometimes an EEOC lawsuit case is going to have a cap in the state of Georgia of like 150,000 or something.
And there's not a lot of money in it.
My hope is that one thing that we can do moving forward is we can take a case like my friends in Atlanta and highlight the process, highlight what needs to be done, highlight how to win it, and teach other lawyers that aren't necessarily trend setters in this burgeoning, you know, fight back legal industry, and teach them like, okay, you know what, you can actually make a living.
as a lawyer pursuing these cases.
You might not, you might not be, you know, LA law millionaire, billionaire, whatever.
But if you're a young lawyer starting out, this is a great path to follow.
You don't have relationships that you're going to lose your kid.
So, so make a name for yourself by being the kind of young lawyer that sticks up for these things.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think one of the things to going forward and what all of us need to do is really choose our next president wisely and we can't promote
you know, who we're voting for, anything like that.
But I think people really need to get active politically.
Choose wisely.
Choose who's our president wisely.
You know, these lawsuits make a difference.
Keep speaking out.
But those are those are ways that we can make change.
And absolutely.

[SPEAKER_27]
And you start at the local level.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_27]
That's what I was going to say.
Like, you got to get to the local.
That's where you start.
Like, you make a difference at the local level.
A statement for you, John.
It's from Eight My Brain.
Please reach out to Malibu Film Festival, info at malibufilmfestival.org.
Have you submitted to that Malibu Film Festival?

[SPEAKER_09]
I have not, but I will put them on my list.

[SPEAKER_27]
I can tell you there after Mickey Willis' pandemic, the musical, so that would be a great double bill to put those two together over there.
Question for Steve, from Bell CM1, regarding the sexual orientation, and this is to your substack, is there a subset of age ranges that are more susceptible to sexual confusion?

[SPEAKER_07]
I didn't look at it.

[SPEAKER_27]
Didn't look at it.

[SPEAKER_07]
But the normally the answer to that is that the younger you are, the more you are.
And it just depends on when you like if you're super young, it's not going to happen.
But you reach a certain age.
The younger people are because they just get more vaccines.
The issue is correlated to the number of vaccines you get.

[SPEAKER_27]
There's a follow-up here from OM for us.
Is there a way to separate childhood vaccines three when I was young or OM for us, but none since age six?
I wonder what kind of data that would give.

[SPEAKER_07]
Sorry, say that again.

[SPEAKER_27]
Is there a way to separate childhood vaccines, and this person's stating that three when they were young, but none since age six?
I wonder what kind of data that would give.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
There are lots of different ways to slice and dice the data.
I just took a cut at it and just said, hey, are you heavily vaccinated?
Where are you in the vaccination status?
So we didn't go into categories of, well, did you stop vaccination when you're six years old and so forth?
So in general, what it points to is that when you look at these graphs, when you look at the log odds ratio, you find that it's related.
I mean, it's basically, you get more shots, you're going to get higher incidence of these chronic diseases.
And that's the bottom line.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, speak to that with Steve.
We know this pediatric practice, actually, where my daughter has been fortunate enough to be a patient of.
And they have been in practice since the 90s.
And they've been running out of a big hospital.
They have not caused one.
And here in California, I think it's like one in 22.
Kids are autistic or being diagnosed with autism.
And this practice has zero.
They've got, they've got some that have been brought in from other practices where they're taking care of them, but they have not caused one case of autism.
And back when I was running the pediatrics board, you know, I had to argue with them because I wanted my child vaccinated, but I also knew that they had the best success rates in the hospital.
They're the kids, they had the healthiest kids.
when kids would get admitted to pediatrics.
I mean, these kids were just so robust and healthy compared to other practices.
So I knew they were doing something right.
And they do give true informed consent about the dangers of vaccines.
And so they helped me kind of pick and choose.
And of course, I'm sure if they had it their way, there would be none given.
But I wasn't quite ready for that.
But what they did do is they delayed them.
They spaced them way out.
You know, I regret giving my child any, but even though they do give some vaccines because parents demand and request it based on, you know, after true informed consent, they actually monitor the kids for symptoms.
So the next day they're calling you, is your child doing okay?
Is the child's, you know, crying, screaming, fever, and they will actually treat that inflammatory process that's being caused by the vaccines.
And even though they have given some vaccines, they don't have any autism.
You know, I do believe less is better spaced out, you know, and it's one of those things too, talking about Riley is the big miss, you know, the big unfortunate thing that has happened with these injuries is had they just taken care of these people once they got injured?
I mean, I had all hands on me.
I had doctors from all sorts of hospitals working on me and I had this miraculous recovery where I'm back dancing.
I'm taking care of patients all over the world.
We're busy.
I'm traveling.
I'm on the road.
advocating and speaking out but like Riley for example she was in a wheelchair and I now I can talk more about it because her mom just gave me permission so I'm very cautious about what I talk about very close you know to that family but had the mother listened to the doctors like you said she was admitted to a psych ward that mother knew we need to take her health into our own hands
She got treated very early on and she's out of the wheelchair.
She's living life.
She's a normal kid again.
And if they would have just done that for these vaccine injured or they would have taken them seriously and not gas with them and treated them appropriately, we wouldn't have the disaster, you know, as near of disaster that we're in.
which is just, it's criminal.
It's really, truly criminal what they've done.

[SPEAKER_27]
There's an agenda.

[SPEAKER_09]
And honestly, that story was so shocking to me with Riley.
I mean, she had obvious pneumonia and the doctors didn't want to even acknowledge that based on three different X-rays.
And then she gets treated and they call Department of Family and Children Services on her for asking about hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
And then the when the family took right because she had like 18 visits to the ER because she was having these episodes where she would basically just go feral and The family took her to I think a neurologist in New York and He confirmed I send people to him all the time.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, so

[SPEAKER_09]
So then they come back and the VCU doctors, I believe at VCU, they tried to investigate the neurologist in New York to discredit him.
I mean, like pulling out like tax records and stuff, like these people were so obsessed with their
It's almost like Trump derangement syndrome, right?
That they could not be wrong, and they would murder anyone that got in the way that might challenge their perception of reality.
And it's truly, it's shocking.
But, you know, we caught the doctor tweeting about this stuff, and she thought she had deleted them, but, you know, the internet doesn't forget.
So we got her tweets, and we posted those tweets within a story that we did on Riley.
And like I said, the spiritual aspect of that, I just happened to be on a road trip in May of 2022.
In North Carolina and I was sitting in my hotel room one morning going should I keep driving to DC and get some footage or should I go to back to my family in Georgia and an Email pops up through the website.
I never I had only done like three stories at that point
And no one knew of any broken truth.
And it was Riley's mom asking, hey, my daughter's injured.
Would you like to know more about our story?
We're in Virginia.
And I'm looking, and I'm like, well, Virginia is right next to where I'm at.
Where do you live?
And she gave me her address and I was like, ah, that's right off the interstate on the way to DC.
I was like, what, I'll be there in two hours.
Is that weird?
You know, so if you just imagine the unusual nature of she probably was just firing a shot in the dark, um, to see if somebody would respond and do a story.
And then not only did I respond, but I'm right there.
Right there.
Yeah.
And we got this, you know, and I didn't even mean to do any stories.
I just happened to have enough equipment to get a basic interview.
And, uh, and she and the, and the kid was just saying these amazing things.
Um, just, you know, I felt like it was supposed to happen.

[SPEAKER_27]
Great story.
That was a great story, John.
Here's a question from B.O.
or Bo Wen.
Do the people who have turned their backs on you do it because they hate you or because they fear you?

[SPEAKER_09]
I think that they are afraid of being condemned by association.

[SPEAKER_27]
Yeah.
That's an interesting response.
Interesting.

[UNKNOWN]
We feel that.

[SPEAKER_07]
I don't, I bet just for the record, John, I don't know you.
I'm like, your honor, never, never said to this guy before in my life.
Don't know what, what.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, no, but I mean look I mean these guys they work in these big studios that are all woke and they're on a downward Trajectory because they can't make anything good anymore because anything creative has been stifled and create and morphed into this Just sad uninteresting.
I mean look how many times you watch a show now on Netflix or something and you're cringing like oh, what's gonna come?
What are they going to try to throw some sort of social justice thing at me?
Right.
There it is.

[SPEAKER_07]
We got three episodes in.
So John, can you help me get a debate with any of these guys who are attacking me?
Because, you know, like I get attacked all the time on Twitter.
And I always offer them, hey, let's have a civil discussion about it.
We can have it live.
We can have it recorded.
And you can show the world that I don't know what I'm talking about.
And none of them ever take me up on my offer.
And it's the same thing for Bobby Kennedy.
He's been trying to get a debate on autism, vaccines and autism for 20 years.
And there's not a single person who will accept.
And even after throwing millions of dollars at Peter Hotez to say, Hotez will give you millions to just have a discussion
millions of dollars just to have a civil discussion.
And they say, no, what can we do to have this dialogue?
Because we will never resolve this without a dialogue.
We need to expose the Hottesses of the world.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, I love Peter Hottes.
world is so much he's because he's great material for you right I mean I was so happy that I could put him in the film he's blocked me he's such a he's such a gift he's such a gift and he's the gift that keeps on giving I mean
Look, you do something like this, you know, Matt Orphalea, he has a segment in the film too, he's a master at it.
The most you can hope for is that you can catch somebody like Fauci or Peter saying something that's in direct opposition of something they said just days earlier, right?
And both times selling it as if it's the truth.
and never acknowledging the complete 180 they've done.
And Hotez is like, his positions are like just like watching an advanced Chinese ping pong match.
He just keeps shifting one day to the next.
Oh, we're going to need three shots, four shots, five shots.
I always said it was a six shot vaccine.
I love that.
That was in your movie, right?
Well, that's Matt Orphalea.
He's done some great stuff about Hotez.

[SPEAKER_07]
I see so many of these.
I get them confused as to which was in which, but it was so.
so great when they were saying oh two shots is all you'll need and then you know and then it's yeah and all you all you need is three shots and all you need is ten shots yeah that that guy is the biggest people are still eating this stuff up i mean i i don't so how can i get a debate on
Oh, how can I get it?
Like, I don't care.
I'll take, you know, anybody I'll take.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hire a script writer and have him put it in the teleprompter that he's going to agree to a debate.
That's probably the fastest way.

[SPEAKER_27]
He'll say whatever he's told.

[SPEAKER_09]
Honestly, but he's the best gift that we could have as far as just, you know, preposterous.

[SPEAKER_07]
How do I get a debate?
How do I get it?
How do I get a, um,
a video debate with these people to expose them.
I try to avoid.
They're basically, these guys, they must know they're in the wrong, right?
Or do they really think, I mean, they like to position themselves as, well, I don't want to give this guy a platform for spreading misinformation.
So I'm not going to engage with you.
The problem is they have like one hundredth of the followers that I have.
So.
If they're not giving me a platform, I'm giving them a platform and they're turning me down saying, well, they don't want a platform or, you know, lend credibility to.
I mean, it's all bullshit.

[SPEAKER_09]
It is.
Most of those folks, I mean, if you think about human nature, some of these people, they were nothing.
I don't want to say they were nothing, but they've gotten attention for bad behavior.
Narcissism is one of the you know sins I think that has caused a lot of this problem that we're in right now So so I try not to give any air to that like if people want to disagree with me or not like what I say That's totally cool.
It's a free country free speech.
You are allowed to disagree with me But I just I don't have room for you in my life because I'm not interested in those people I'm interested in the people that are
that are desperately sitting at home knowing something's wrong, but they don't know who to listen to and they can't trust anyone.

[SPEAKER_10]
They come across this little movie, you know?

[SPEAKER_09]
Serendipity sort of drops my film in their lap and they see it and they reach out to me and they're like, I'm crying.
I can't believe this.
Thank you for making this.
That's who I'm here for.
I don't care about these
Whatever people I mean If anything I feel kind of bad for them that this is their existence, but you know, whatever I disagree with so many people all the time

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, but it's so easy to tell who's telling the truth.
Anybody who hides from a debate challenge in science, it's all about finding the truth.
And you never back down.
If somebody can't challenges your research, it's, yeah, I'm not afraid to defend it.
Sure.
Here's the data.
I mean, that's the way it's supposed to be done.
Anytime somebody basically says, no, we can't show you the data.
No, I don't want to talk to you.
Um, and
and uses any kind of excuse, you know they're on the wrong side of the issue.
Anytime someone tries to wield censorship, you know they're on the wrong side of the issue.
This should be obvious to people, and it's just mind-boggling to me still, after all these years, that people don't realize that.
It's the simply, you don't need to be a brainiac to figure this one out.
All you need to know is who's running from the debates and who wants the open dialogue.

[SPEAKER_27]
Steve, I am Dane.
A user actually explains that it's vaccine derangement syndrome, VDS.

[SPEAKER_07]
There you go.
VDS, of course.
Of course.
How could I have missed that?
Oh, my God.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, so this is the really, you know,
terrible thing of it, right?
So let's say that you provide this information that these things are risky, and now you're telling people who were already probably biased, obviously they were biased enough to get the shot to begin with, but now you're telling them that they have to be afraid.
I mean, I was thinking about
When I was in Vegas, I was an official selection for it said Cannes World Film Festival or something like that.
And I thought, oh my gosh, I just got into Cannes.
This is amazing.
And so I kind of like started to have a panic attack about it.
I'm like, whoa, suddenly we're being heard now.
What does this mean?
Is this going to change my, am I going to have my career back?
I can't even imagine what that's going to entail.
And then I called my mom, I mentioned it to her, and then I called my wife, and I mentioned it to her.
And then I went back to my laptop in the conference room and was just sitting there sort of panicking.
And then I read the fine print and it was not associated with the festival to cons.
It's a different festival in Cannes.
And then I was like, wow.
So I went through this like
crushing like disappointment.
I had to go back to my mom and my wife and I was like, okay, don't buy the new furniture yet, honey.
And if you think about that feeling of disappointment, consider it at an exponential scale.
You're a medical doctor and your family and everyone you know has been constantly barraging you for information.
And finally we got this vaccine that was a cure that was gonna get us out of this COVID disaster.
Praise Lord.
We're going to get it.
We're all going to be happy and we're going to get past this.
And then these people are bombarded with messaging constantly, safe and effective, safe and effective, safe and effective, 100% effective.
You've got Lord Fauci on screen telling you how good everything is.
And as part of this system, they had, like I said, public good projects.
These hired thugs designed to shut down any doctors that spoke out, silence any dissent.
So it was a 100% wall of propaganda that most people, me excluded apparently, were incapable of resisting.
And now you're gonna go to that person and tell them, by the way, your salvation is a lie.
And then the shock of it, and not only is it a lie, but now you have to be afraid about what you've done to you, your family, and everyone you know by supporting this.
And your whole, I mean, especially with doctors, doctors' egos are fragile in a lot of ways.
And it's wrapped around this incredible debt that they've put themselves in to get this thing.
They spend half their lives paying off this debt for the medical degree.
And if they're in a hospital system, their livelihood is wrapped around doing what the hospital system tells them.
So you try to penetrate this incredibly thick wall with the truth.
Even if you're right and they know it, they still can't accept it.

[SPEAKER_27]
I think you hit John with it, which is they know they took it and they're scared.
And what have they done?
The people who got it.
And then the doctors, I've given this and recommended it to people
and their livelihoods, that's the big problem we're dealing with.

[SPEAKER_09]
How can a doctor who's gone through all of what I just described about face and go to his patients and go, I was wrong?
And I try to do this in my film.
I try to show like, look, I was wrong.
I had to change course.
You can do it too.
It's okay to be wrong and admit it.

[SPEAKER_07]
But the longer we go... Yeah, and people don't like to do it.
The more they're dug in, the harder it is to change.

[SPEAKER_09]
And then you go halfway down that path, and then if a person hates Trump,
Oh, now they're going to go back to zero.
It's like monopoly, you know.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_27]
And it's really bad these days.
John, can you take two more questions?

[SPEAKER_09]
I have as much time as you need.

[SPEAKER_27]
Oh, OK, good.
Well, here's one from Oils from Deutera.
And it's actually for everyone in the room, I think.
Has anyone else heard something about the Vaxt starting to really die in 2025?
Anyone know about that?
Is it a rumor?
Probably Gert van den Bosch article.
I know he's out there again.
Any thoughts on that, John or Steve or Angela?

[SPEAKER_09]
So my opinion is not every shot was deadly.

[SPEAKER_27]
Placebo?

[SPEAKER_09]
Or Bad Batch?
Some people may have just been able to handle it more than others.
But the truth is we don't know.
We don't know what 2025, I don't know what's going to happen tonight.
But what I don't want to do is fill every person that's gotten the shot with fear of death, because that anxiety will kill them just as fast as a shot will if you don't manage that.

[SPEAKER_07]
Look, there's no data that shows a trend line that is consistent showing things are getting progressively worse.

[SPEAKER_09]
Other than all the excess tests that are happening now now Now something like the original sv-40 and the polio vaccine That that would take three years at probably in some instances to create tumors that would kill That was you know
That was what Harvey Riesch said to me.
He goes, why would somebody make a weapon that takes three years to kill?

[SPEAKER_07]
And I was like, well, and I had done an interview with- So by the time you find out about it, it's too late to stop, is the answer.

[SPEAKER_05]
You don't just go see it with the vaccine too.
The further out it is from the vaccine, you don't just get it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I'm not a subscriber to the theory that this is government conspiring to kill everybody.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, they're certainly not distracting from it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, look, most of the people in government are completely clueless.
They don't look at the data.
They don't even know how to evaluate the data.
If I showed them a Pearson's correlation coefficient, they wouldn't know what the hell it is.
If I showed them a T statistic, they wouldn't know what that means.
And so they're all reliant on trusting experts and the experts
If the experts speak out, they lose their jobs.
So the only experts they have are the people who are basically willing to play along with the narrative to keep their jobs and their friends.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think that for several of our viewers, Steve, disagree with you.
But I tend to agree too that they, I mean, you could dance circles around them.
I mean, they are just completely clueless.
You know, I don't believe that everybody out there has this malicious intent to harm and kill.
You know, of course, of course not.
You know, they don't care about us.

[SPEAKER_07]
But yeah, it's not it's not like people are going to Congress and voting on this stuff and going home and saying, hey, yeah, yeah.
Here's the data.
But there's a huge there's a huge disconnect, though, between what the people want and what government
is doing for the people, right?
Because government is supposed to work for the people and the people with a huge ratio want to get rid of the liability protection for the vaccine manufacturers.
And yet in Congress, it's not even an issue.
It's not even gets on the agenda to remove the... You do that one thing.
That's the only thing you need to do.
If you could do one thing, get rid of the PREP Act.

[SPEAKER_27]
Right.
That's a good one.
Right.

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean, if you could do one thing or just or say, okay, from here on forward, no more liability protection.
Okay.
One thing would change everything.
That's the only thing you need to do.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's one of the things we've been trying to discuss is like, how do we, you know, I keep asking the freedom lawyers like, okay, how do we get rid of it?
Let's think creatively.
Do we need to do some sort of like a two-thirds majority state vote on it to amend the government constitution?

[SPEAKER_07]
That is a good idea.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, look, RFK is already out there getting signatures to put himself on the ballot.

[SPEAKER_07]
Right.

[SPEAKER_09]
Maybe we need a constitutional amendment based on voters.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
I actually think that is a really good idea.
Am I missing something?
And that would be stunning.
A constitutional amendment saying there's no more liability protection for drug manufacturers.
Man, that would be awesome.

[SPEAKER_05]
And Livio, there's one question that I don't want to let slip.
It's from MomoF2 supporter.
If we know of someone who has vaccine injured, who do we recommend we get them to go to?
Email me, nurseangelavaxsafety.org.
I personalize everybody's care where I actually, I can even help work with your regular doctors because I know these reactions so
you know, closely.
I've been dealing with this for years with the vaccine injured.
I know what tests to get ordered.
I know treatments that have helped, you know, many people.
So I don't necessarily have to send people elsewhere.
Of course, we do have doctors that specialize in cardiac and neurology.
But even just, I can even just assist with helping get the right labs and leading you down the right path.
So feel free.
Anybody is welcome to email me.
And I get to every single email and help every single injured out there.

[SPEAKER_27]
Thank you for spotting that, Angela.
That was way down.
I didn't see that one.
Thank you.
All right, I'm gonna get this last question in for John.
And it is, wait, I had it up here.
John, do you have any predictions you'd like to go on record with?
That's from a good doggy.
Thank you, good doggy for the questions.

[SPEAKER_09]
Like I said, I believe there is a spiritual component to this.
I think that I wouldn't have gone through this process and this path and had these strange events in my life without it ending up in a positive place.
So I do think that we are going to make progress and I actually think
that there is a path where we could have a really, really positive outcome.
I like that you like the constitutional amendment idea.
I mean maybe something like that is part of it, but also I think as these big corporations go down we're going to have to start creating
more American focused entities and organizations and corporations that are resilient to, you know, whatever happened to bring down the Disney's of the world.
So, you know, as far as elections, I ain't predicting that one.
But I do think, I do predict it will be interesting.
And I think that if you can
Watch it from a perspective of this is a story that is being told and not, you know, just one disaster after the other and don't react to fear when you're, when someone's trying to provoke you.
I think you'll have a better, a better next six months.

[UNKNOWN]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
That ending, John, I'm telling you, everybody's gotta watch it.
The ending was so powerful.
I was actually screenshotting.
like if you see if you saw my phone you would laugh but as I was watching the end I'm like screenshotting all the little I'm not gonna say a little part of the end because I wanted to be able to go back in

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, you know, and it sucks because they are a little too fast.
I initially had them at like their little cards that just sort of show like where are they now moments through the people out in the throughout the film.
And and I really I wanted to give them 15 seconds, but I was desperately trying to keep this under two hours.
I already hate myself for being at one hour and 58 minutes.

[SPEAKER_05]
Every bit of it was worth it.
Yes, it is.
Thank you.
It's so good.
And yeah, I did.
I wanted to have those little facts at the end that were just so powerful and kind of, you know, led you to really question.
Like you said, it's like we you just kind of have to question everything going forward and take control of your own health and be your own advocate because it's hard to hard to believe them anymore.
So
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_27]
It was incredible work, John, the film.
Thank you for making it.
I know it's so much work.
So much work.
And it's incredible.
And we're going to keep promoting it.
And we're going to show a clip to close out tonight so everyone hanging all the way to the bitter end because you'll see a little bit more of the film.
And then you're going to go watch the whole.

[SPEAKER_09]
Can I set this part up?
Sure.
This is the Drew, right?

[SPEAKER_27]
I'm gonna play the scene with all the doctor like the towards the back end.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah to the end Well, so yeah, this scene is really just sort of a combination of sort of a summary of but I do have the dru scene I could end on the dru scene and then go to that one I could show two scenes The dru scene is my favorite Probably because it's cute and and and and this
You know what I explained to you?
How do you get through to these people whose walls are so thick and the idea that maybe their bias was leading them down a path that they wouldn't normally go down?
So I had to explain to people how this
system of triggering them led them to a bad place and You know, how do you tell somebody that without telling them that because if you say it you'll trigger agent Smith and then they'll shut off So I try to do it cute Well, let's let's just play it right now.

[SPEAKER_27]
Okay, and then we'll come afterwards.
I'll come back and then we'll we'll let you go I'm gonna play it right now.
Here it comes

[SPEAKER_09]
And now the story of a dog named Drew and his master Pavlov.
Every day Pavlov would feed Drew.
Drew's mouth would water every time he was fed.
One day Pavlov rang a bell just before feeding time.
Pavlov rang the bell each day just before feeding.
One day the bell rang and Drew began to salivate.
But there was no food.
This involuntary reaction may drew one of the most famous dogs in history.
Together with his best friend Pavlov, Drew had proven the scientific theory of conditioning.
It turns out that a wide variety of reactions can be triggered in similar fashion.
Now imagine that Pavlov is a news network, and viewers are all dogs.
By repeatedly delivering negative information in association with trigger words or names, the head of a news organization could poison the minds of millions so that any mention of a person's name would instantly create negative, aggressive, or fear-based responses.
Psychologists call this emotional transference.
In a time of calamity, one could influence purchase habits
Remember the great toilet paper run of 2020?
There was no real shortage of toilet paper, but the focus on toilet paper shortages by mass media resulted in hoarding, which created a real-world shortage.
On a more interesting note, across the United States, there was a dramatic increase in the installation and use of bidets, a European alternative to toilet paper.
The mass transition to bidets due to the perceived shortage of toilet paper is called behavior modification.
Behavior modification was the basis of a decades-long series of CIA-funded human experiments in the United States and Canada, known as MKUltra.
MKUltra used drugs like LSD and amphetamines on sometimes unwilling subjects.
Combined with isolation, fear, and bombardment of repetitious messages, MKUltra pushed the limits of human experimentation and mind control.
Consider, the FDA and our medical institutions have released massive amounts of amphetamines and opioids on the American people over the last 40 years.
While simultaneously a smaller and smaller number of politically charged elites dictate what shows we watch, what news we see, and what messages we are allowed to hear.
Many of these people put profit in politics over civil rights and the Constitution.
One has to wonder, did MKUltra ever end?
Or did it take over the world?
With this kind of power, one could condition the world into believing a safe medication was deadly, or a deadly treatment was safe and effective, all by transferring the triggered hatred of a political figure.
And it all started with a dog named Drew.

[SPEAKER_05]
Gosh, you know what's so hard to...

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh-oh.
He really likes it.

[SPEAKER_27]
Well, thank you, John.
This has been such a great conversation.
One of my favorites.
It's been really awesome.
And thank you for being here.
Thank you.
And we'll have to have you come back.

[SPEAKER_05]
To watch that part about Drew, just one last thing is
I was one of those that went and bought the toilet paper and I also treated my kitchen as if it was like a sterile operating room.
I mean it was like a production.
I would order from Instacart.
One side of my counter was the sterile side, the other side was the unsterile side and I literally treated like I was operating on a patient with
groceries that would be dropped off trying to like sterilize.

[SPEAKER_27]
Were you washing your mail?

[SPEAKER_05]
And it was because doctors were out there on YouTube giving videos on how to keep your food, you know, let let things that don't need to be refrigerated be out in the sun.
I mean, just the shit that we were told

[SPEAKER_09]
It was crazy.
I had I had Serbian gas masks.

[SPEAKER_27]
Steve, where's your I think you had a pink one early days.
What happened to that one?
You still have it.
I still have it with the bus that out again one of these days.

[SPEAKER_09]
So I just want to tell everybody, if you want to see the movie, you can go to brokentruth.com.
It says, watch film right at the top.
Or you can go to epidemicafraud.com.
And you can see trailers, the whole movie at the bottom.
It also has links to every platform.
It's on YouTube for Epidemic Afraud, Rumble, Bitshoot, Facebook, Twitter.
Yeah, I mean, it's still on YouTube.

[SPEAKER_27]
Yeah, they haven't taken it down yet.

[SPEAKER_05]
We're going to put it in the chat as well.

[SPEAKER_09]
And like I said, you can go to, oh, that's not gonna work.
My sign is invisible, but it says brokentruth.com.
And follow me on Twitter at brokentruthtv.
And guys, thank you all so much.
Thank you for the hosts.
And also thank you for all these people that are visiting the website and asking questions.
And by the way, someone asked about EEOC, it's Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
If you get fired for refusing the vaccine, people are allowed to sue based on
that an EEOC is sort of a mediator to try to help find a settlement.
And if there is no settlement, then they will give you a cause to sue letter.
And that's what my friend has gone through.

[SPEAKER_05]
And one last thing, Dr. Laura, I do help people all over the world in Canada included.
So I've got patients in Australia, Germany, you name it.
So even if you're not in the United States, reach out to me and I'll be happy to help you.

[SPEAKER_27]
Thank you for that.
All right, John, have a great rest of your evening and we'll stay in touch with you and keep us posted on how the film does.
Great.
Thanks.
Thanks John.
Thank you so much.
You too.
That was that was what a great, great man, incredibly talented filmmaker.
Like that was awesome.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yep.
Yeah.
He put in a lot of work to make that film.
That was an incredible amount of work.

[SPEAKER_27]
It is so much work.
I, you know, I've produced and edited documentaries and what he did is just astounding.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
The second half was my, my, my favorite.
I mean, the, the first half was so great.
I loved when he started getting into the foushies and, but just the way he put it all together.
I mean, it really is a great story, a very sad story.
You know, for me personally, sad,
Um, but just unbelievable.
There's so much history in that, in that documentary as well.
So.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_27]
A lot of the documentaries that are out there about the subject.

[SPEAKER_07]
He put in a lot of work researching the history.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
A lot of work.
I actually have to go back just so I can learn more, you know, there's, sometimes you don't absorb, there's so much in there, so much great content that I didn't absorb all of it.
So I am, it's on my list to do.

[SPEAKER_27]
I managed to finish over two hours my gin and tonic from that I started with.

[SPEAKER_05]
This is our gin and tonic.
We planned this.
We're so busy, but we had to go to the store today by gin just so that we could toast him with the gin and tonic.

[SPEAKER_27]
Absolutely.
So I want to share Steve's favorite book on audiobook.
Turtles All the Way Down is now available as an audiobook and is currently on sale on Amazon.
If you have not read it yet, please order the audiobook.
10% of the proceeds goes to VSRF.
So if you haven't read it, do so now.
Whoops, I stopped sharing.
Let me share again.
I want to share our swag shop.
And if another way to help us out is to go and get your favorite VSRF gear, including the misinformation super spreader, hats, mugs, shirts, all kinds of good stuff here.
We're going to have to get the remdesiv run death is near shirt made or available somehow.

[SPEAKER_05]
Angela is not safe, not effective.
That's another one that's a really popular one.
And we will be having new swag coming out this summer because
A lot of the stuff is sweatshirts and stuff like that, but Amanda, who's incredible, who's done all of this, is working on new things as well, and it's gonna be a lot of fun.

[SPEAKER_27]
Excellent.
And then next week, next week's gonna be awesome.
You do not wanna miss next week.
We'll be back with a very eye-opening episode with Dr. Andrew Kaufman, who will be joining us for a lively debate on whether or not the COVID virus exists.
Steve, you must be really looking forward to this conversation next week.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
I can't wait.

[SPEAKER_07]
Um, well, um, you know, cause no one's been able to explain to me how, how this stuff happens.

[SPEAKER_05]
So no, I'm not quite sure that this is true and accurate that we have, that we have Dr. Kaufman on next week.

[SPEAKER_27]
It's not true and accurate.
Let me get it off the screen because what if it's not?

[SPEAKER_05]
I don't believe that that is true and accurate, but we will update people.

[SPEAKER_27]
Okay.
We'll put out on social media if it is or isn't, and we'll let you know who is the guest if it's not him.
So we'll sort that out internally.
And yeah, I see Claire Katz saying VDS swaggering to vaccine disorder syndrome would be a good one.
All right, I'm going to close out tonight with one more scene from Epidemic of Fraud and go see the film if you haven't or watch it at home in the comfort of your home.
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you, Angela.
Always wonderful being with you on Thursday nights.

[SPEAKER_05]
So great.
Yeah, thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_27]
Thank you, Livio.
And yeah, have a great rest of your evening.
Have a good weekend, everyone.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_19]
All these doctors who are trying to, you know, point out the problem get shut down.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the stupidest news cycle we've ever faced.
There are numerous studies on this which show preliminary therapeutics.
What are your qualifications to weigh in on medicines more than Dr. Anthony Fauci?

[SPEAKER_25]
Everything in the news is BS, everything.
There is nothing that I can consume on any legacy media that I can trust.
That is shocking.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right wing media?

[SPEAKER_19]
Does the news industry need advertisers to exist?

[SPEAKER_12]
They do.
As a viewer, you've got to look at who is advertising on this TV station.
And you've got to realize that surely this TV station doesn't want to hurt its advertisers.

[SPEAKER_15]
Brought to you by Pfizer.
CBS Health Watch sponsored by Pfizer.
What can doctors do?

[SPEAKER_13]
Hydroxychloroquine cuts the risk of hospitalization in half.

[SPEAKER_09]
The leaders of our medical institutions have betrayed us all.

[SPEAKER_13]
We have to respectfully totally disagree with him.
Has Dr. Fauci ever called you and asked you your opinion and why you have the opinion that you do?
No.

[SPEAKER_26]
The quarter billion dollars that the Gates Foundation has put into news and journalism is hard to really overestimate these kind of financial conflicts of interest.
The real issue at hand is the political influence that they're gaining over public policy through their charity.
We read the headline about all the good that they're doing, but no journalists really take a step back and look backwards at what they've actually done.

[SPEAKER_00]
For committees investigating an allegation that the House of Representatives had received $10 million to pass the Controversial Infectious Diseases Bill.

[SPEAKER_01]
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has poured billions of dollars across the world.
We've mapped their donations.
Their influence can be seen everywhere.

[SPEAKER_02]
Stop the media.
Okay.
That's the number one because media interference is huge.

[SPEAKER_03]
Pharma buys off the news and the FDA condition ordered tomorrow saying that we can't have pharma spending on TV news.

[SPEAKER_21]
A lot of what they have learned in medical school is junk science, sadly.
So we have to get back to real science, get rid of the pharma based approach to medicine and go back to more of a natural approach to medicine and an ethical approach.

[SPEAKER_09]
Speaking of ethics, Anthony Fauci's wife heads the NIH Ethics Department.

[SPEAKER_04]
Doctors being targeted now and being threatened.
I know many doctors who've been targeted and threatened and sanctioned risk losing their jobs.
Absolutely.
They're brought up by the state medical board.

[SPEAKER_23]
Whenever you're relying on the fact that you think you're going to be getting truth about a subject and you realize it's all on you to protect your patients and that you can't trust anything that's coming at you from the government or pharmaceutical companies, medical societies,
That is so stressful.
It has been a stressful last three years because of the fact that the burden of truth now lies on us individuals or physicians who are willing to look for that truth.
