[SPEAKER_14]
Tonight on VSRF Live, author, business executive, and futurist Dr. David Martin joined Steve Kirsch to discuss the well-orchestrated maneuvering between military groups, big pharma, and world governments, all of which have created these chaotic times we now inhabit.

[SPEAKER_13]
The courts across the board made an unambiguous declaration that we were in a public health emergency and that the World Health Organization and the CDC were the only arbiters of what the facts were.
And so you could not argue.
the facts.
They had no problem going after osteopaths and chiropractors and people who were advocating for zinc or hydroxychloride and they were shutting people down, they were taking people's licenses.
So the deceptive medical practice's law was very much in play.

[SPEAKER_01]
We will cite you, and if we need to, we will arrest you, and we will take you to jail.

[SPEAKER_13]
So I think we're gonna get different pathogens.
We already see the NIFA craze that was going on in India, and we've got a bunch of other toxins that are being discussed.
Apocalypses have been overrated every time they've been promoted.
We forget that we have a conscious role to play in this.
And if we give the frequency of evil the carrier frequency on which it can transmit, guess what will be transmitted?
Evil.

[SPEAKER_14]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
With the sharp twists and turns in today's headlines, I'm very excited about our show tonight, as the remarkable Dr. David Martin will be joining us shortly.
Dr. Martin is a renowned businessman, professor, speaker, author, and inventor with a deep understanding of global finance and the pharmaceutical industry.
His insights into the intersection of economics, health, and technology have sparked discussions worldwide, especially in light of recent events.
But before we bring on Dr. David Martin, I want to take a moment to thank all of you, our loyal VSRF followers, for showing up every single week.
We can't do what we do without you.
Your support as our work relies solely on donations.
Many of you generously donated over the weekend when we put out our monkeypox awareness email.
Your contributions are what allow us to continue fighting this hysteria and any other craziness that comes our way.
And just a reminder, we are raffling off
a seven-pack, here's how I'm going to share my screen.
We are raffling off a seven-pack, sub-stack membership to some of our all-time favorite citizen journalists, including our very own Steve Kirsch, Dr. Mary Tally-Boden, Sasha Latipova, Dr. Jessica Rose, Dr. Merrill Nass, Jeff Childers, which is the coffee and COVID sub-stack, and Warner Mendenhall.
$10 buys you one ticket, and you can grab as many as you'd like to increase your odds.
The lucky winner will receive a full year of crucial breaking content from seven different substacks.
We will draw a winner next Thursday.
So please help support us and donate today.
I'm going to show the QR code if that helps you.
If you can use your QR code right there.
Every donation counts and all donations are tax deductible.
Thank you again for your continued support.
Janet will put the give butter raffle link in the chat.
Steve is running a little behind, but he's going to be with us shortly.
So I'm going to go ahead and get us started and bring on our guest, Dr. David Martin.
Dr. David Martin, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_13]
Couldn't be better.
Great to see you, Livio.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's really great to meet you.
I've been watching your work all the way from Plandemic to Mickey Willis's film that you were featured in and even before that.
So I'm really thrilled to have you here.
And before we get started, I want to go ahead and read your bio for our audience.
You are a multifaceted leader in business, education, and innovation.
As the creator of the MCAM CNBC IQ 100 Index, you specialize in bringing humanity back into both people and businesses.
A global foresight advisor, author, and inventor, you're known for your transformational approach, which you call the wobble effect.
You help individuals and organizations identify the true issues behind superficial problems, enabling them to access their innate wisdom and foster meaningful change from the inside out.
Your work is dedicated to making a profound difference in how we live and work.
And thank you again.
So I want to start, I like to always go way back.
When did you start to, Steve likes to call it, get rid pilled or wake up to that the world wasn't the way we were told or working the way we were taught?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I'm fortunate because as I said in my movie, Future Dreaming, I often say I never fell asleep.
I was raised in a very conservative religious environment.
And as a result of that, I got to see at a very early age that things that were being told and the reality I was experiencing didn't match.
So that's why I say I don't think I ever got to fall asleep.
So I think I didn't have to wake up as far as some people do.
But you know, it's a great question.
And what I would say is that
You know, in the early and mid-70s, when some of the unusual ways I see the world began being exploited by government agencies, I got to see the unseen hand of how a number of things work in this world.
By 1983, my first congressional testimony, for those of you doing the math, that was when I was 16.

[SPEAKER_14]
I was going to say, you were a young man back then.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, you know, I got to see the inner workings of the system and I've always seen that what is being presented as reality isn't.
And I've always been fascinated by the delta between what is publicly conveyed and what is, in fact, the observable facts.
So my life has been that way.
Obviously, Central America, during what became the Iran Contra scandal, I was able to see that the war on drugs wasn't a war on drugs.
It was actually money laundering for what became Iran Contra and a number of other things.
So I actually never had the privilege of believing the illusion, which is a helpful place to start.
But I would say that if we were going to look at a defining point professionally, my defining point really came in Central America during the Iran-Contra conflict because
You know, it became very, very, very clear that the Nicaraguan conflict, I was on the Costa Rican-Nicaraguan border during that conflict.
And during that period of time, you know, what was being told to the public and what was happening in reality were so far from the truth.
I famously recall a moment where I was listening to the voice of America radio on, in my Jeep.
being told that I wasn't where I was.
People in Congress being told that there were no Americans at the location.
I was literally sitting listening to the statement being made that I wasn't where I was, which, beyond being the existential crisis, if I wondered who I was and why I was actually physically where allegedly no American was.
Those were fun little moments where you go, this whole thing is a nonsense routine.
I had another very defining moment.
I was working my early company, Mosaic Technologies, which did a lot of treaty restricted technology transfer.
I was working in Russia in the very early 90s during the transition from Gorbachev to Yeltsin.
And I got to see what was supposed to be the instilled fear of our fear of
of the former Soviet Union or fear of Russia.
I got to see it firsthand from the Moscow side and got to compare notes on what the propaganda had been from 1980 up until, you know, the early 90s.
And it was fun to sit with Russian Academy of Sciences people with people who are part of the Russian army and just have kind of a match between what we were told, what they were told and kind of
compare notes on comparative propaganda.
So it was actually a lovely time to get experience to the difference between free and transparent information exchange and the nature of propaganda for the reliance of manipulating populations.
And I got to see it on both sides.
So it was a great advantage.
So once again, I mean, I don't think I got ever the chance to be fully asleep.
So the waking up part has always been part of my life.

[SPEAKER_14]
What were some of the differences you discovered in the instilling of the propaganda on the Russian side versus the US side?
I mean, I've had some Russian friends that I've met and they're as cynical about their own propaganda I found as I was.

[SPEAKER_13]
So I'm curious what, you know, one of my favorite examples was, you know, we were told about how, how, you know, we should fear
the Russian technological capabilities with respect to intercontinental ballistic missiles and the state of Russian engineering and innovation and everything else.
I remember sitting in the Russian Academy of Sciences and watching them fight over a mimeograph machine.
Now I don't know if you even remember mimeographs, it's that old crank
That old crank copy machine that you'd smell when you were a kid in school with lethal doses of God knows what was the chemistry in those things.
But I watched as these engineers who we were supposed to fear were fighting over access to mimeograph machines.
And I thought these are the people who are supposed to be a minute away from obliviating the universe.
And they can't even find a copy machine.
And the same thing, obviously, on the other side.
It was just humorous to see how we were supposed to live in fear of something.
And then you find out that they were having the same technology hurdles.
They were having the same challenges.
They were having the same issues that everybody in academics were having in the United States.
And so, you know, this specter of this superhuman monster that was supposed to be the thing we feared.
was just not fearful once you got to see it.
And you saw real people there who worried about their families, their kids, just like we worried about our families and our kids.
And that wonderful song, if the Russians love their children too, right?
That was the reality.
I experienced the human nature of people, not this terrorized living in fear of the specter of these evil ogres.
My experience and their experience were rather similar.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I'm curious also, here we experience this divide and conquer technique in a republic, a democracy, at least that's what they tell us.
Over there, they've been under communism.
What are the tactics they use to keep their citizens in line and avoid any sort of revolt?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, the big thing there, as you know, Livio, was the supply of basic goods and services.
I mean,
In the late 80s and early 90s, it was groceries, it was clothing, it was access to automobiles.
It was the basics of controlling a population by manipulating supplies and manipulating access to supplies.
And these were ways that you could incentivize behavior.
If you behaved appropriately, you got access to things.
If you didn't behave appropriately, you were denied access to things.
So it was actually a very simple behavior modification through some very skinnarian kind of behaviorless strategies.

[SPEAKER_14]
interesting because my mother's Cuban.
I'm half Cuban and I actually got to visit before the pandemic.
And what you just described is how the people are in Cuba.
And I bring us now to the current where Kamala Harris wants to have price controls on food.
And that doesn't that, would you say, lead us to what you just described in socialist or communist countries?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, in many respects,
you know, what is currently slated in the giant reorganization of our civil society is exactly the same behavior modification.
If you don't get the shot, you can't travel, you can't have access to certain things, you can't go to school, you can't have your job.
The playbook of the World Economic Forum is kind of good old style
Soviet style approach to social manipulation and behavior modification.
So, yeah, I mean, it's not a new phenomenon.
It's not something that is creative.
It's actually old school manipulation.
Remember that we wouldn't have had the COVID pandemic, you know, but for the propaganda of the run on toilet paper.
You know, the great fear that we would run out of basic supplies, you know, of all things toilet paper.
Why that?
Because it's such an essential experience of humanity that if you feel like your existential experience of basic hygiene is being threatened, then you'll do anything to actually survive.
And so these manipulations were old school behaviorism taken to its metastatic extremes.

[SPEAKER_14]
How ahead of the pandemic of COVID were you?
Were you aware of Event 201, for example, when it was actually happening?
How far in the front did you see?

[SPEAKER_13]
I've lost your feet.
I hope you can still hear me.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, I can see and hear you.
Can you see and hear me now?
I'm still here.
Are you able to hear me?
Hello?
Okay.
Hopefully, um, you've lost us, but we see you.
I see you.
If you could see my hand gesture, but, um, apparently.
Yeah.
We can hear you.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I can't hear anything from Livio.
So I've lost his video feed and his audio.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh boy.
I'm still here.
I think, uh, hold on.
Let me just try switching screens here one second and see if, uh, I can come back to you.
Can you hear me now?
Maybe not.
I think you've lost.

[SPEAKER_13]
Are you still there?
Oh, perfect.
Yeah.
So, so event 201 was an interesting social experiment, which was actually taunting the public.
to believe that one could go about creating a theoretical exercise in this particular instance, the creation of the illusion that we were doing a tabletop exercise around what was allegedly going to be kind of planning phases for a pandemic.
But if you looked inside of that, what was very instrumental in the event 201 is they laid out truly the sequence of events where they kind of looked at a game plan of fundamental behavior manipulation starting off with energizing this construct of large-scale social mass panic and fear.
So if you look at how this started, it was create an event of global
institution of domestic and international terror around the creation of the illusion of fear, and then immediately move into a conversation around creating casts of people.
And those casts are the compliant, the resistant, and then this giant middle space of the coercible.
And they went through all of the steps of doing that.
And then the third piece of the puzzle was entering into a phase where they went very specifically into controlling the narrative, making sure that they talked about the fact that there would be misinformation and disinformation.
And there would be all kinds of ways that social media and public media would have to be compromised so that an approved message would be the only message that the public could access.
then obviously the institution of the relegation of livelihoods being jeopardized for non-compliance and the institutions of technologies, including N95 masks and event 201, they talked about shortages of N95 masks and shortages of the materials available for healthcare workers, shortages of hospital beds, et cetera.
They created the illusion that there was going to be this shortage
of opportunities to deal with a pandemic that would be solved by the institution of a universal vaccine framework.
Every single one of these things was defined and discussed in detail and produced in video style, newsfeed style event scenarios that were in fact exactly the same.
to the numbers, to the sequence, to the letter of what ultimately became what we call the actual news in 2020.
But if you go back and you look at the videos of Event 201, you realize that the news of 2020 was torn straight off of the plan of what was done in Event 201 in 2019 in October.
And what's particularly interesting about that is that event
Though marketed as a World Economic Forum, Gates Foundation and Johns Hopkins University event was actually funded by and paid for by Open Philanthropy.
And Open Philanthropy is the nonprofit that was set up by Dustin Moskowitz, who is the co-inventor with Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook.
So, you know, the whole thing was architected precisely.
The entire event horizon was laid out
Precisely the sequencing of the virtual simulation and the actual what we called reality matched in lockstep.
And that's when anybody who is paying attention realized that there was no pandemic whatsoever.
This was a propaganda machine.
As stated in September 18, 2019, it was a propaganda machine for the public acquiescence to a global platform of what was called the vaccine and universal vaccine capability, which is what they said they wanted in place by September 2020.
So every one of the things that we witnessed throughout the first three quarters of 2020 was all published
in 2018 or 2019, September 18th, 2019.
All of it was expressly produced for video and for kind of the general public's consumption for Event 201 in October of 2019.
All of this preceding what was allegedly patient number one, which allegedly happened sometime in December of 2019, which we now obviously know was nothing but part of the overall propaganda machine.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
Can you see and hear me now?
Okay, let me see if I could bring Steve Kershawnd.
He's in the house.
Welcome, Steve.
I don't think David can see or hear me.
Steve, how are you?
Oh, but he can see you.
Hi, Steve.
Welcome back.

[SPEAKER_12]
Hey, Livio.
Can you guys hear me?

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
Yes, I can.

[SPEAKER_13]
I can hear you, but Livio, I can't hear or see you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, that is very strange.
Okay, Steve, let Dr. Martin know that I'm gonna play a quick- Steve, I can hear you fine.
Let him know I'm gonna play a video, and then I'm gonna hand over the interview to you, Steve.
Another video with Dr. Martin.
Just let Dr. Martin know that, and I'll play this short video.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, so he's gonna- The singular focus of the World Health Organization was, are you ready for this?
Vaccine promotion.
We have the Director General of the World Health Organization going one step further and saying, and I'm quoting, this is about population control.
Now, what does that mean?
That means that when we're taking orders from the World Health Organization, we're not.
And fast forward to the Gates Foundation, which most people don't realize, was an undisclosed settlement between the US Department of Justice and the Gates convicted
felony antitrust violations, right?
This was not, there was an allegation Microsoft did bad things.
This is a, they were convicted of antitrust crimes.
Quite mysteriously, the Gates Foundation just shows up and instantaneously starts laundering money into, are you ready for this?
The World Health Organization.
If you look at the financial statements, beginning with the Gates Foundation, when it was established, you start seeing an anomaly.
It used to be that UN-associated organizations and specifically the World Health Organization had two line items for most countries.
The country through an organization like the State Department or through a line item budget would allocate money to the World Health Organization and then there's the corporation for the same country and there's another allocation coming from there.
But with Welcome Trust, Rockefeller Foundation and Gates Foundation, and the minor players like the Bloomberg Foundation and a couple others now, but mostly the top three, suddenly we actually have the formation of what we called the Global Preparedness Monitoring Board.
Well, who's sitting on that?
Dr. Elias from the Gates Foundation.
Anthony Fauci from NIAID.
You know, Jeremy Farr from the Welcome Trust.
I mean, this is a criminal conspiracy.
And I'm not saying that from the standpoint of conspiracy theory.
I'm saying that from the definition of what it means to be a criminal conspiracy.
And so if you ask the question, which is a legitimate thing to do, was the FDA, was the CDC following orders from the who, the answer is, asterisks almost.
But who were they really following orders from?
And that's where you get into the nasty answer, which is the answer was that interlocking directorate, that violation of antitrust laws, that corporate machine, not health, not, you know, we're out for the good of humanity.
corporate criminal conspiratorial organization that was guilty at the time of racketeering, was guilty at the time of interlocking directorates, all felonies, was guilty at the time of price fixing, another felony, which was guilty at the time of actually suppressing commercial alternatives, which is called market allocation, another felony.
That criminal organization announced that it was going to take over the world, and they did.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, welcome to VSRF Live, Steve.
David, you can see and hear me now.

[SPEAKER_13]
I can.
I'm having a little bit of audio break up from you, Livio, but I heard Steve just fine.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay, great.
Well, I'm going to toss the baton over to Steve Kirsch.
Steve, I did a little background.
David has never, he was always awake.
He was red-pilled from birth, basically.
And so that's what we learned.
And we got into Event 201 a little bit and how it mimicked pretty much how COVID played out.
I mean, and actually I actually have gone back several times and looked at Event 201 and it's astounding how
Pretty much there are no errors in event 201 and how COVID played out, which is a little strange.
Anyway, gentlemen, Steve, you could take over the interview from here and I'll be back later for Q&A.

[SPEAKER_12]
Great.
I've got Janet was kind enough to send me a list of questions, but it says it's on tonight's show.
And then there's just a hyperlink here.
So let's see.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, and I could come, I could step back in and we got a lot of background on David's coming up through Iran Contra and through Russia and now up to COVID and Event 201.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so I'm just going to wing it here.
You know, I first wanted to get your thoughts on what's going on in terms of RFK's campaign.
Like if you were RFK right now,
And you have an announcement coming up on Friday.

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm going to try you on a different line.

[SPEAKER_12]
OK.
I guess he's going to hit reload.

[SPEAKER_14]
He's going to come back in a different line.
And I want to tell everyone out there, apologies for our technical difficulties this evening, but we'll get it all sorted out.

[SPEAKER_12]
If I was a conspiracy theorist, I would say that somebody doesn't want us to be hearing from you, Dr. Martin.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, they actually cut my feet off from David.
But you can see and hear everything else at right in the middle.

[SPEAKER_12]
You've never had problems like this before.

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm coming in on a different line here.

[SPEAKER_14]
Okay.
Steve, I'll let David keep sorting out.
Steve, you and I can chat.
I just wanted to get an update on how you're doing, sir.
How are you feeling this evening?

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm feeling okay.
The eye gets better and worse in some ways.
So it's always a, it's right now, it's just wait and see.
There's not a lot you can do.
Nobody has any treatments that are supported by evidence.
the doctors basically say, look, if there was something that worked for this condition, we'd all know about it.
And so the advice is, look, it's going to resolve on its own, and you're going to get some sight back, but we don't know how much.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, hopefully it will continue to get better incrementally.
Get a lot of it back.
I'm hoping and praying for you.
Yes, we can hear you.
Yes, now we can hear you and see you, Dr. Martin.

[SPEAKER_13]
I can't get your audio now.

[SPEAKER_14]
Can you hear Steve?
Can you hear me?
It doesn't sound like it, so.
All right, I'm going to come back to you, Steve.
It is quite a revelation what's happened to the Kennedy campaign.
What are your thoughts on just his, tomorrow's the big announcement.
It all sides are looking like he's gonna end the campaign.
And then there's all the speculation about him supporting Donald Trump and maybe having a position.
Where are you at with all this?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, my advice in situations like this is simply,
Always, and it's the same advice I give people playing chess.
It's one of the reasons that I was such a great chess player is because I follow this one piece of advice.
And the piece of advice is simple.
Always make the best possible move.
And so in chess, you have a set of different moves that you can make at any point in the game.
And so Bobby Kennedy has about two chess moves.
that he can make.
As far as I can tell, he has two chest moves.
Well, he actually maybe has three chest moves.
He could resign the game.
He could just drop out saying, hey, sorry, there's no path to success.
He could keep going
and continue to raise funds and continue his campaign.
Or he could drop out and join one of the other campaigns.
Now, the only campaign that he has an option to join, and it's not for lack of trying, is the Trump campaign.
And so my take is that he has basically, I think he's got really one path.
I think he only has one path forward.
And I think it's to join and partner with Trump and move his support to Donald Trump and seek to get some sort of concession from Trump for doing that.
And I think that any concession that he gets from Trump for doing that probably is best if it is kept under wraps until the election is over so that it isn't a sticking point.
It doesn't cause any downsides and people can be left to speculate.
But I think that's the point.
Probably it seems to me that that's the the best move available to him because if he continues on We just lost your sound now Steve really well, no, okay, that's better.

[SPEAKER_14]
You're back.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
All right So David can you hear us now?

[SPEAKER_14]
Let's find out so he's there he froze so now.
Oh, there he is
um doctor martin he's he's trying getting getting closer we lost him again okay you're you're there can you see and hear us now dr martin still here great steve can you can you hear us and now he's frozen again now
OK, well, hopefully we can get him back.
I'm going to change up the screen here.

[SPEAKER_12]
I don't get it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, it's strange because it started off fine.

[SPEAKER_12]
We've never had these problems before.
Maybe we should change the guest.
And David, maybe you can bring your wife on and see if the technical problems instantly go away.
And then when you come on again,
then we'd be able to say, hmm, that's an interesting coincidence.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, this is a very, very odd occurrence, especially that it happened in the middle of the interview where he lost my connection to see me, but he can see and hear everything else.
Steve, that's a really interesting analogy, and it does help me see the chessboard a lot better, the best available move.
Again, we're not affiliated with any candidate, but what would you say to some of his supporters
if he chooses a move like joining Donald Trump.
Any thoughts on that?
Because I know there will probably be a lot of disappointment and confusion there.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes, but you know, you have to.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yes, we can hear you.
Let me bring David back in.
We can hear you.
Yes.
There is a lot of background noise, Dr. Martin, but we can hear you and see you.
Can you see and hear us?

[SPEAKER_13]
I'm I'm I've checked my internet speed and everything I cannot get you guys to show up in video or audio Okay, well so you can't hear us I Can hear you fine Are you using are you using the Chrome browser?
This is so bizarre Yeah

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, I'm going to put.
No, he, he can't, uh, right.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_14]
So we can hear him and he can hear me.
Right.
There was a minute where he saw us and now he dropped out again.
Wow.
And now he's completely gone from the studio.
So I can imagine this is incredibly frustrating for all you out there.
But hopefully we'll sort this out and hopefully you'll hang in there with us because I think it's going to be a really good conversation once we're able to.

[SPEAKER_12]
And all I did to trigger this is ask about Bobby Kennedy.
Did you notice that?

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, well, it actually started even before that.
We started right as we were getting into event 201 and the beginning of the pandemic.

[SPEAKER_12]
This was also part of event 201 where there would be this podcast that David Martin would be on.
We jammed it.

[SPEAKER_14]
Can you see or hear us, David?
Steve, why don't you continue?
I wanted to hear what your take or what you would say to those who are supporters and followers of Kennedy's candidacy and if he chose one of those chess moves you described, specifically the one where he would join the Trump campaign.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I mean, look, he tried really hard to be a viable third party candidate.
And the deck is really stacked against you.
And he had some things that sort of failed at the last minute that he did not expect to happen.
And it's basically, it's a rigged system.
And he underestimated how badly rigged it is.
And so he was able to overcome some of this, but not enough of it to make his campaign viable.
So he's in a difficult situation right now.
And I think the point is that the donors that got him there, that's made a difference because he's in a position where he can negotiate now with Trump
and get some some things that we want out of it.
So it's not the perfect solution.
It's not the ideal thing that we all went into this with, but it's better than nothing.
And so it's it's basically you're trying to make the best of the available alternatives here.
And and I don't see I mean, Livio, would you agree with me that that his best option is to to make a deal with Trump?

[SPEAKER_14]
It is the best available chess move that I can see for him to just drop out completely and allow the Democrats basically to have won against him.
Their whole attack on him right from when he announced his candidacy and ignored him and didn't allow him
to debate in the primaries or even allow him into the primaries and now what they've been doing with the lawsuits, that would be awful.
All that work is off or not.
To continue the campaign and what they're doing to him now with the lawsuits and these judges who are basically placed there to cancel him,
It does seem that this move would at least allow the work that he's done and continues to do to proceed.

[SPEAKER_12]
The difference in the health of America and fight the corruption that we have with the
three-letter organizations, the HHS, the FDA, the CDC, NIH.
All of those.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
I mean, so I would definitely be concerned again for his safety going forward.
But, you know, he's a brave man.
And I think, yes.
We can hear you.
Can you hear us?
Great.
Let me, let me dial you in, Dr. Martin, and I'm going to bring you in on your, on this.
All right.
That seems to be working much better.
And, uh, all right, I'm going to hand this back off.

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, I can hear you.
That's, that's a thousand times better now.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Great.
All right.
I'm going to give you back to Steve.
Uh, and then you guys can reset and start again with your first question, Steve.
I'll be back.

[SPEAKER_12]
Bobby Kennedy.
Yeah.
No, we're going to make an announcement on Friday.
Do you have any predictions?
Since you're good at telling us what's going to happen in the future, what do you think his best move is and what do you think is going to happen on Friday?
And those could be two different answers.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, well, I think that what is going to happen, the expedient thing that's going to happen, is I think the tea leaves are abundantly clear that an alliance with Trump is his only relevant position going into November.
because the fact of the matter is, you know, the access to a democratic process in the Democratic Party is, you know, is a fool's errand on the best of days.
That's not going to happen.
And so I just genuinely think that Bobby is a expedient and pragmatic guy.
And at the end of the day, I think he is going to see the pragmatic ability to influence things going forward as something that requires an alliance of Trump.
So I think that's going to happen.
You know, Steve, it's interesting because I think that Bobby did what he intended to do, which is to try to continue to keep a focus on the absence of true democracy.
And I think he held that ground for a long time.
when Dennis Kucinich was still running his campaign, I think it was wonderful to see Dennis's resolve to try to hold that ground that says there's a better America that involves a informed and thoughtful electorate.
And I think that the fact is that, you know, Bobby and his campaign have run into the pragmatic and exigencies of a world that says absent the funding,
and absent the access that that funding gets you to influence, you know, that the best approach is to be aligned with what you believe to be the beneficial ticket that is going to put you into a position of influence.
And I think that that's where you're going to see an alignment with Trump because I don't see any reason that Bobby would ever align to what's going on on the Democratic side.

[SPEAKER_12]
So even if
Kamala reached out and said, Hey, we want you part of the ticket.
We want to, I want to make you secretary of HHS, uh, in my administration.
Uh, and if that was one of his options, what do you, what do you think he should do?

[SPEAKER_13]
Um, so, so first of all, I don't think that blue sky here.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm not going to say, I'm not saying that that's, that's even a probable or possible.
I'm just saying.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
So if that were one of his options, right, because that comes with, you know, it's like a two-way sword.
It's, oh, wow, this is great.
But, oh, right.
And I mean, he's kind of faced with alternatives that are not as pleasant as what he would certainly like to see.
But if you were here and those two options were available to you,
would you still choose to align with Trump?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I think this is where now you've just changed the question, would I?

[SPEAKER_12]
Do you think he should?
If you were an advisor?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I think for his relevance to stay relevant post-November, I think he has to.
I don't think he has an option because I think he's put himself in the corner.
I will take the liberty, however, of taking your editorial slip to actually say, what would I do?
And the answer is that for me, I have a category criteria that says that no position, no influence, no power, no anything is worth compromising on what I see as a fundamental integrity issue.
And the fundamental integrity is every time Trump says,
that he saved 100 million lives with Operation Warp Speed.
For me, that's a non-negotiable.
I mean, I do not, I think that if Trump had the decency of saying that he was advised to do it and didn't have all of the data that he wishes he would have had and has the ability to have an even introspective dialogue about it.
If there was any indication
that there was a room for conversation and thoughtful inquiry, I would have the ability to be capable of engaging.
But when he doubles down on this false narrative that somehow or another 100 million people survived because of Operation Warp Speed, for me, that is a line that I would never be able to cross.

[SPEAKER_12]
So you would, if you were Bobby, you'd just drop out.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yep.
Interesting okay, and the reason the reason is really simple Steve You know I've I have had many people approach me about what I could and should be doing with my life and The beautiful thing is as a private citizen.
I have been able to Have an enormous effect I've been able to frame the public conversation.
I've been able to have huge influence in Europe
around the World Health Organization issues.
And the fact of the matter is, as a private citizen, I feel like I am actually achieving more than the average appointed civil servant can do.
So I'm not losing any ground for having my independence.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
So what do you think is going to stop this?
I mean, we're in this, whether it's planned or not planned, and we could
debate, and I could play devil's advocate on this as to whether it's a planned event or not a planned event.
But it kind of doesn't matter because the question is, how do we get out of this thing?
How do we fight back and regain our freedoms and regain sanity?
And I'll tell you, I was listening last night
to Scott, I'm blanking on his last name.
Here's Scott Atlas.
I don't know if you saw that interview, but
Scott Atlas did an amazing job in this interview.
It just went out like five days ago.
And he did not pull any punches about what was going on.
And the basic thing that his message is, I am surrounded by these government bureaucrats who don't know shit
about the science and they're making shit up and they have these color coded diagrams and all this stuff.
And I'm the guy in the room with bringing in data and bringing in science and so forth.
And they'll basically look at Scott and say, so Scott, you're the odd man out here.
And Scott's the voice of sanity in this room of incompetent bureaucrats.
And Trump actually did have a meeting where, and Scott talked about this, or Trump had a meeting with all of these advisors, and Scott was asked to, hey, assemble an outside group of top thinkers.
And Scott was then told, OK, Scott, you have five minutes with the president, with your five thinkers who traveled all the way across the country.
for this meeting.
And they wanted to cancel it, but then they said, oh, yeah, and you'll have five minutes with the president.
But to Trump's credit, he spent at least 45 minutes or more and wanted to bring in his biographer and so forth into the meeting and so forth.
But but and yet, you know, we have this, these insane policies.
And Scott talks about all the the insanity of the lockdowns and, you know, all this stuff.
And nothing happened.
So how do we break this?
How do we fix this?
Yeah.
And let me add one last thing.
We've got an election coming up real soon now.
And so Trump, either Trump's going to get elected or Kamala's going to get elected.
I can confidently state that one or the other will be president, elected president after November, because that's good odds.
How do we fix this if Kamala gets elected?
How do we fix this if Trump gets elected?
And is our strategy any different depending on who gets the presidency?

[SPEAKER_13]
So let's start with the last piece of that question.
The answer is no.
The strategy doesn't change one iota regardless of who takes the presidency.
And the reason is, Steve, that the way in which the public health laws in the United States
have been formed and have been executed, are essentially the hijack of the Commerce Clause, which is how the federal government reaches into state action.
There is no law in the United States, in the history of the United States that has been amended and abused more than the Commerce Clause.
And the reason for that is that the federal government actually doesn't have that much power.
the states actually have significant power and because of manipulations of the Commerce Clause, we get all kinds of institutions that the average American thinks are national institutions, but they all are based on essentially this march in provision of the ever-broadening expansion of the Commerce Clause, which gives us the answer to the bigger part of your question, which is what can we do?
And the answer is
that not unlike tobacco settlements back in the days of the tobacco, you know, cabal lying to the public about the health risks of smoking.
Not unlike that, the states can take action to say that the states will not allow ultra hazardous activity like gain of function research to be done.
The states will not allow mandates on Medicare and Medicaid conditions
at state-funded and state-appropriated institutions.
There is an enormous amount of work that states individually can do, which is in fact what our focus has been over the last now 18 months, because we realized that to your very clear observation, we have a world in which the person sitting in the White House is almost irrelevant
to the solution to the problem because the solution to the problem is in fact one where states and attorneys general and state prosecutors have the ability to exercise their own sovereignty and actually exempt themselves or carve out sections of the commerce clause that allows the federal government to manipulate what it manipulated in the pandemic.
And this will come down to a very simple legislative challenge, which is the constitutionality, particularly under Article 7 of the Constitution, the constitutionality of the PREP Act.
Because the PREP Act actually is unconstitutional from the standpoint of waiving the federal tort claims that are available to states
and are available to individuals within states where that act gave away a right that the federal government did not have a right to give away.
The federal government did not have the legal authority to give away liability for damages associated with the distribution of products.
That was something done in the PREP Act.
It is unconstitutional
And there is unquestionably a pathway where we can test the constitutionality, but that has to be done at the state level, not at the federal level.

[SPEAKER_12]
So is anyone bringing that case?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, without going into any detail that I'm not allowed to go into because of where I might be involved in certain things, I can tell you that the answer is we are in fact very actively
involved in the pursuit of Among other things that as part of the legal theory that we're pursuing in several cases.
Yes.
Okay, so we should be optimistic then I'm absolutely optimistic I'm absolutely optimistic that we have a path forward and I would be confident in saying that the Occupant of the White House will not necessarily make a huge difference This is ultimately going to be tested in the courts and it will be a Supreme Court challenge
The Constitutionality of the Prep Act will be a Supreme Court challenge.

[SPEAKER_12]
No doubt about that.
We're totally in agreement on that.
There's no question that that will go to the Supreme Court on the prep act.
So David, if you had a crystal ball and you could tell us when we're going to see this suit filed that challenges the Constitutionality of the Prep Act,
So for example, I know for a fact that Aaron Siri is looking into that.
Would you confirm or deny that one?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I'm actually in a situation right now based on the nature of my activities that I really do have to have to be ultra political in my answer.
I can assure you, Steve, that I'm optimistic about the both
the construction of this argument and the timing and when it is likely to be a matter of public knowledge.
What I can't do is I can't bias anyone because the fact of the matter is part of our strategy has been to work very aggressively on coming up with a series of simultaneous legal approaches
which essentially do what old warfare strategies do, which is actually encounter what we're going to call the defendant.
I won't use the term enemy in a controversial standpoint, but we would like to actually make this a multi-pronged front where it becomes very difficult to defend one side without admitting to a crime on the other side.
So there is a degree to which
We're being extremely careful and calculating about how we do what we do.

[SPEAKER_12]
So can you tell us when we're going to see some action and fireworks or prognosticate?

[SPEAKER_13]
I can say watch X and you will see the day that it happens.

[SPEAKER_12]
I get that, but will it happen within the next 12 months, for example?

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, once again, I will simply say that the sense of urgency is not lost on the people who are involved.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
You could be a politician.
You're good at evading...
but I get that.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, in this particular case, and you know this about me, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
I get that.
I'm just making a little- No, it's fun.

[SPEAKER_13]
No, it isn't.
It's fun.
And what I would love for people to take away, though, and this is what I'd love for people to take away.
I have been, as you well know and others know, I've been persistent in the fact that this ultimately is, regardless of how the sequence unfolds,
This is a situation where a series of conspiring parties actually conspired to create a global terror campaign for the purpose of advancing
this idea of a vaccine hegemony to the health care system on the planet.
So abundantly clear, this is, in fact, a racketeering, old school RICO, Sherman Act, Clayton Act violation of anti-trust laws and racketeering laws.
So there's no question about that.
I've been a broken record on that point since before patient X in Wuhan.
And the reason I've said that is because the parties that planned and promulgated this particular what we call a pandemic published their intent to deceive the public in 2015.
And they said that they were going to create a media hype.
so that the public would accept the medical countermeasure in the form of a pan coronavirus vaccine.
That is not Dave Martin's allegation.
That is reading from their own published statement.
So when I say this is racketeering, when I say that this is a conspiracy and it is a criminal conspiracy for commercial gain, I'm reading from the last line of Peter Dashick's comment where he says,
investors will respond if they see profit at the end of a process.
That tells you that it is a commercial conspiracy.
That's not a hypothesizing an outcome.
That is actually stipulating that you're going to use terror and fear to create an economic gain for those interested investors who are going to be writing that campaign.
So it's critical that we understand this has been an antitrust violation
unambiguously since 2014.
When, in October of 2014, the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill and the Wuhan Institute of Virology and EcoHealth Alliance all were given a waiver of the gain of function moratorium so that they could take the WIV-1, the Wuhan Institute of Virology Virus-1
and turn it into the 2016 publication that says WIV1, which is the SARS-CoV-2 injections by protein, is, quote, poised for human emergence.
That was published in February of 2016.
And in that publication, they stipulate that in 2014 and 2015, they took Zhengli Xi's Wuhan Institute of Virelligivirus model, uploaded it,
and added pathogenicity to the spike protein and published that in February of 2016.
So this is an open and shut racketeering case, and that's where it ultimately will be adjudicated.

[SPEAKER_12]
Was that sequenced back in 2016?
Correct.

[SPEAKER_13]
the first proceeding proceedings of the national academy of sciences february 2016 wiv one poised for human emergence anybody can look it up anybody can see that the sequence is there

[SPEAKER_12]
The genomic sequence, it's like 20,000.

[SPEAKER_13]
The spike protein variants, which are the spike protein variants that were what we classified in February of 2020 as the novel coronavirus, that structure was published in 2016.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
So why if you're, if this is a secret plan and conspiracy and so forth, why, why would they broadcast it?
I mean, isn't that the dumbest thing ever?
Like, can't they say in court saying, look, you know, if we, if this was really a conspiracy to kill people, why would we have, uh, you know, publish these papers and so forth?
If, you know, it's like telegraphing, uh, your plans.
And also, by the way, I also want to add a question, which is, how do you think the virus got out of the Wuhan lab?
Do you think it was deliberately released?
Do you think it was an accident?
Do you think it has anything to do with the tram line that goes through the Wuhan Institute of Virology and goes to the wet market and so forth?
What do you think actually happened there?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, so let's unpack two pieces of that question.
First of all, why would you do it?
Well, the answer is a simple answer.
In September 18th, 2019, the Global Preparedness Monitoring Board of the World Health Organization, which is constituted of the Wellcome Trust, the Gates Foundation, NIAID, China's CDC, and a number of other organizations,
On September 18th, 2019, in the publication, A World at Risk on page eight, they published that there would be, and I'm quoting, an accidental or intentional release of a lethal respiratory pathogen so that by September 2020, the world accepted a universal vaccine platform.
That is directly from September 18th, 2019.
And they used the term, Steve,
a lethal respiratory pathogen.
They didn't use the term, maybe it might make people sick.
They use the term lethal respiratory pathogen.
That's premeditated murder.

[SPEAKER_12]
But why are you, like, people who engage in premeditated murder don't publish their plans in the peer-reviewed literature or anywhere else?

[SPEAKER_13]
Actually, ironically, they do.
If you go back to the eugenics office that started at Carnegie in 1913 and continues to this day at Cold Spring Harbor Labs,
The answer is yes, they do.
That's the weird thing.
We in an organized fashion have a hard time accepting that there may be people who actually think the world needs to be depopulated.
They think that the world has too many people.
But listen to the number of times where you hear somebody callously say, like they published in 2011, when they talked about the decade of the vaccines.
where they said that they would achieve a 10% reduction in the global population by virtue of having a universal vaccine platform.
Now, ask yourself a very simple question.
You and I can sit here and as rational human actors, we can sit there saying, I can't fathom.
I simply cannot fathom a world where you can look at another human being and say, you should be dead.
I can't wrap my head around that because I'm not a sociopath.
Equally, I'm not capable of believing in a scarcity-based world that says that the carrying capacity of humans on Earth is 500 million or whatever number they come up with.
Because I don't know who is authorized
to make the determination on the 7.5 billion people that have to be eradicated so that we have the comfortable carrying capacity of Earth.
I'm not living in a world where I do that.
So what's happened, and you're having this question emerge like any rational person would, doesn't it seem odd that any person would promote a strategy that says that depopulation
is actually an acceptable, proactive way of treating humanity.
And the answer is, you, because you have a moral and ethical compass, I, because I have a moral and ethical compass, have a hard time wrapping our heads around that.
But if you listen, and this is where you have to just accept that maybe there is a sociopathic tendency where it's an acceptable loss,
to get rid of a half a billion people.
And we have a hard time.
This is one of those things where we have a hard time doing the calculus that involves the moral justification for that.
But I just recently, as of yesterday, heard a health care practitioner lamenting that more people didn't die of COVID
because if more people had been dead bodies on the streets, more of those vaccine hesitancy people would been able to be shut up.
I couldn't fathom the logic.
This is a trained healthcare professional who actually said it was unfortunate that the kill rate wasn't higher.
So there's this morality piece of your question, which is interesting, but let's get to the second piece, which is distribution.
There's an operative term in what was published as the intent of this campaign.
And the operative term was release.
An accidental or intentional release of a lethal respiratory pathogen.
This was not a leak.
You wouldn't use the term release in September.
Moderna would not amend four of their patent applications in April of 2019.
where they actually made reference to a release of a respiratory pathogen.
A release means you actually intend to distribute it.
It doesn't mean it leaked.
So how do you do it?
Well, it becomes very simple.
If you go back to the Columbia University 2011 publication and look at where allegedly we have these zoonotic transfer risk locations.
Giant shock.
COVID happened to co-occur.
at every place that Columbia University said there was a high risk of zoonotic transfer.
Now, I don't know how many bats you know, Steve, but if you were to identify the prevalence of bat populations, and you were to tell me that Seattle, Washington, and New York State were high-risk bat populations
where if you actually look at the population of bats in the United States, you see that the Pacific Southwest and the desert Southwest is where you have the high densities of these populations.
Why is it that Seattle, which happened to be where COVID broke out first, and New York where COVID broke out first, why is it that nature happened to match a Columbia University
scatterplot of where allegedly zoonotic transfer risks were highest in 2011.
And if you're dumb enough to believe that nature read that article and in its infinite wisdom decided to disseminate SARS-CoV-2 to bat populations in every one of those locations, then you're simply absolutely irrecoverably stupid because nature didn't do that.
The fact is that every population that we actually had and every population where we saw an outbreak happened to match a 2011 map of where the outbreak was going to happen.
That's just coincidence, David.
Entirely coincidence, because there's so many roving, marauding bat populations.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_12]
And it probably happened exactly at the same time, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
It's amazing how it happened.
It all sequenced.
The memo went out to the bats.
mutate, and instantaneously, the Colombian networked bats all mutated simultaneously.

[SPEAKER_12]
You see what this is.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_13]
And this is proof of quantum entanglement because what we really see is the co-emergence of the same manipulation of the same strand of cDNA happening in bats because what happened in a wet market in Wuhan co-entangled across the universe so that every single bat that went infectable
all happened to do it at the same time.
It was amazing how sequence and nature backed into our published plans.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, okay, so it would be even more amazing if the genetic sequence of these viruses in these locations was exactly the same.

[SPEAKER_13]
Amazing how the phenotypic genetic expression actually showed us that we all had the China virus at the same time.

[SPEAKER_12]
So this is just a coincidence then, David.
This is just a freak of nature coincidence, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
And the fact that it's one for one overlap of a Columbia University map is just
the convenience of foresight at a quantum level.

[SPEAKER_12]
They were extremely accurate in their predictions.
It's maybe one of the best papers published of all time.
Exactly.
Because it actually predicted exactly what was going to happen.

[SPEAKER_13]
Amazing.
Amazing.
Amazing how that happened.

[SPEAKER_12]
The researchers should get the Nobel Prize for their prediction.

[SPEAKER_13]
Absolutely.
Yep, don't ever tell the weather forecaster again.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, so what is the alternate hypothesis then since we know it was just coincidence that these natural events just happened to happen at the same time?
What do you think was the alternative hypothesis that maybe would be put forward by conspiracy theorists that

[SPEAKER_13]
that you know said something else happened like what is the like somebody going around with a suitcase and and going to these spots and you know like what how does someone uh spread that yeah well so so for some reason people seem to forget that despite the fact that every laboratory is operated under good clinical manufacturing practice or GCMP um
Somehow or another, people seem to forget that in the spring of 2020, the CDC was shipping what they've called contaminated swabs.
Now, I don't know about you, Steve, but I find it fascinating that you would manufacture test swabs in an environment where you actually happen to have a then, as of then, an unidentified virus that was allegedly the thing you were gonna test.
How on earth you got contaminated swabs into circulation?
And by the way, CDC got caught distributing them, right?
This was not a preemptive catch.
This was actually other people finding that the swabs were contaminated.
I have said from the beginning of this thing that in the 2016 and 2017 DARPA funding budget,
They actually funded two companies that actually had the ability to, are you ready for this?
Produce contaminated swabs for the purpose of distributing biologic agents.
Is there a possibility that there was not a distribution of airborne particulates through unmasked heathens like myself sneezing in choirs?
Is it possible
that rushing people to PCR tests was the way we actually distributed the pathogen.
And I would suggest to you, given the fact that the evidence was they got caught doing it, it would be a fairly plausible argument that says that this was, are you ready for this?
Accidentally or intentionally released.
See, here's the problem.
We were supposed to have people sneezing on cruise ships and then coming into contamination.
But what we don't talk about was the populations of the cruise ships that mysteriously didn't get infected.
We didn't talk about the populations in Seattle in nursing homes that didn't get infected.
If this thing was an aerosolized airborne distribution pathogen,
We would have had extreme infection rates in the populations where it first showed up.
But the tiny problem we have with the actual data is that the data says it's not overly transmissible.
But here's the reason why that's important.
The 2002 patent filed by Ralph Beric at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill.
which actually is the first gain a function patent filed on coronavirus 2002 was and I quote an infectious replication defective clone.
Now, what does that mean?
That means that you can actually make somebody sick with this thing, but that person who is sick doesn't pass it to the next person.
That's what replication defective means.
Now, here comes the problem.
If we look at populations where everybody loves to tell me, but my grandmother died, or my aunt died, or my uncle died, or I got really sick, or somebody else got really sick, the answer that we stop asking is, okay, and they infected how many others?
Because here's the irony, Steve, inside of households.
Forget larger populations.
Inside of households, you had a parent that got sick.
but the other parent and the other children never got sick.
Inside of communities, you had the same phenomenon happening.
And lo and behold, what you start seeing is the incidence of alleged illness coinciding with the incidence of testing, which is the reason why I would suggest to you that the evidence, this is not my hypothesis, the evidence says that at least many of the cases are likely
cases that were distributed by contaminated swabs.
Why do I say that?
Because they actually had contaminated swabs.
That's why I say it.
I'm not making something up.
This is torn right out of the pages of the evidence.
And unfortunately, people sit back and say, oh yeah, but I didn't get a PCR test and I got sick.
Well, here's an interesting thing.
Influenza still happened.
We didn't have a higher incidence of influenza in 2018 versus 2020.
In fact, it was almost identical.
But the spike of alleged illness around COVID co-occurs with the institution of the PCR test.
And the worst part about this, Steve, is that the vast majority of early PCR tests were asymptomatic, which leads us to a tiny problem.
Under the legal definition of COVID, COVID was defined as 11 symptoms.
None of those symptoms included the existence of pathogen.
All of those symptoms were actually subjective symptoms about fever and runny nose and pulmonary problems and things like that.
Ironically, the test, which was the PCR test that we allegedly were using to find star COV-2,
unfortunately created the illusion of what we called asymptomatic spreaders of COVID.
Well, here's the tiny problem.
There is no person on earth that can be an asymptomatic spreader of a thing that can only exist by symptom definition.
It's
technically, legally, and absolutely impossible.
There's no such thing as an asymptomatic COVID carrier because COVID is nothing but symptoms as defined by the legal statutes.
So here's a tiny little problem.
We were told that COVID was caused by SARS-CoV-2, tiny problem.
That wasn't part of the COVID diagnosis.
The differential diagnosis was symptom only.
So what did we do?
We invent this idea of asymptomatic spread, but the problem is tons of people had allegedly positive tests for SARS-CoV-2 and had no symptoms, meaning that the causal statement fails.
Primaphasia.
and as the causal statement fails prima facia, one can only conclude that a respiratory pathogen that had lethal tendencies was distributed by the perpetrators not passed through the population.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, so let me test that hypothesis just to be
You know, we want to make sure we're not missing anything.
So if what you're saying is true.
then certainly somebody got a bunch of swabs and they took them out of, check them out of, where were they got them?
And they tested the swabs and they did whole genome sequencing on the swabs and found the virus is on the swabs.
And so here's the other question, which is can the virus actually exist
on those swabs, and even if it can't exist on those swabs, can it then be, you know, is there proof that you can take these contaminated swabs, twirl it in someone's nose both times, and
cause that person to then be infected with the virus because the claim is that if you desiccate these things that they die and so, so these are all sorts of ways of, you know, sort of shooting holes in what you just said.
So I'm trying to play devil's advocate here.
So we, yeah, no, no, no.
Great question.

[SPEAKER_13]
Great question.
And given the fact that I will now have another 10,000 trolls that will tell me, Dave Martin is advocating a viral model versus a terrain model because Tom Cowan said so.
Let's be very clear on the fact.
What I have been very clear on is that like the PCR test does not test for an intact virus.
Let's be very clear.
What we do is we test for fragments of nucleic acid sequences.
That's what we test for.
That's all we test for.
And so what I'm saying very precisely is that the things we tested for, which are the spike protein encoding sequences, the things that actually help make the spike protein trigger its production inside of the human cell line, that which is what we tested for, and that which is what was on swabs was confirmed to be on swabs that were sent out from the CDC.
So we do know.
We do know that the swabs had the agent on it, were tested positive for the agent, and had to be recalled.
That's a published fact.

[SPEAKER_12]
So, how many of those?
That's convincing.
Yeah, how many of those?
Who did that study, by the way?

[SPEAKER_13]
The CDC was the one that officially retracted the shipments.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right, but who did the study to say that we tested the CDC swabs and they tested PCR positive?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, a number of labs were the ones that reported the contamination, but the CDC was the one that published it.
they published the contamination of their own swatches.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.
Right.
So so they could say, oh, accidents happen.
Sorry about that.
But can you?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, yeah.
But that's but that's where the story falls apart, Steve, because because GCMP.
So the FDA and I did a lot of this work back when I was in the medical school at the University of Virginia.
The FDA does not allow
what's called good clinical manufacturing practice to have a sterile production of a test environment in which in the same environment you have the active pathogen you're going to test.
That would be like saying I'm going to make an Ebola Band-Aid to put on Band-Aid sores, but I'm going to go ahead and manufacture with Ebola.

[SPEAKER_12]
Did they ever investigate how this happened?

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh.
That's where the story ended.
No, the story ended with we had contaminated swabs.
Oops.
We're going to recall that.

[SPEAKER_12]
Sorry.
So they don't even go in and explain how this could have happened?

[SPEAKER_13]
No.
No.
No.
Really?
No.
No.
This is absolutely a BS.
Why am I not surprised?
Yeah, but this is a BS story where they come up with the oops, we found contaminated swabs.
We're sorry, our bad.
We're going to recall those.
But here's the problem.
They did not then institute any process by which any of these things were then put into GCMP monitoring.
So we have zero throughout the entire pandemic.
We have zero data on whether or not the swabs were contaminated or not.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
So what about the, did somebody take these contaminated swabs and swab someone who didn't have COVID and cause them to get COVID?
No question.
They did that.

[SPEAKER_13]
No question.
In fact, the only way you can get the case counts that you get where you actually get a positive PCR test and a symptom is from a contaminated swab in my humble opinion.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.
So this Tom Cowan is not going to be happy with you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, Tom Cowan hates the fact that I actually have been precise in stating that in 2002, Ralph Berick used the model of coronavirus and created a chimera.
And that chimera by 2005, he actually announced at the DARPA conference sponsored by DARPA and MITRE, he announced that that was going to be a bio warfare enabling technology.
His words, not mine.
He actually stated that in his presentation.
Now, what Tom Cowan never listens to, and what I have always said, is that I'm not saying a virus causes anything.
What I am saying is a protein toxin derived from a viral model has killed people because it has.
That's no different than saying a snake bite can kill people.
That's not different from saying a introduction of a conatoxin can kill a person.
The fact of the matter is human beings can have lethal reactions to the introduction of foreign proteins.
And I know that there are people who are inside of that, you know, virus model debate who actually have a hard time accepting that, but
All you have to do is go to the Philippines and see fishermen waiting in ankle deep water and watch what happens when a neurotoxin is injected from a little shellfish and 30 seconds later the person's dead.
Now, I'm not suggesting to you that there aren't all kinds of confounding variables in every human interaction with every foreign object, but what I am very precise in saying is that Ralph Barrick's gain of function research on the coronavirus model
is what gave rise to a lethal spike protein, cDNA and mRNA sequence that has in fact made people sick and killed people.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, so do you, would you agree with the virologist that this is a virus?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I would agree that the thing that made people sick is actually a modification, which is actually not the traditional definition of virus.
And that is because once again, go back.
Ralph Barrick said it's infectious replication defective, but but here's the problem Under the definition of virology a virus is a replicating organism.
Yeah Okay, but here's was a replication replication defective meaning.
Do you believe that?
Well, yeah, because I actually know what he actually built.
What he built was a protein receptor sensitive target that used the viral packet to introduce RNA or cDNA into the cell, but
That doesn't mean that it acts like the traditional definition of virus that does the replication, that does the advancement, that does the mutation, and ultimately goes on, which is the reason why every one of these BS variants happened en masse.
See, variants don't happen en masse.
Variants in a replication model are actually going to be as diverse as the population that they're exposed to.
But that's not what happened in COVID.
Everybody suddenly got this new variant, and then everybody got this new variant.
And you sit back and go, well, hold on a minute.
How did everybody mutate the same way?
Well, that's ludicrous.
If virology, the classic definition science, was at play, we would not have had phase shifts
of variants where suddenly one variant globally erased the other variant.
That doesn't happen in a naturally occurring mutating environment.
That's the reason why I've said that these were introduced and these were distributed, not translated from an infected person to another infected person.
There is no evidence, by the way, zero.
Nobody's been able to have evidence, and this is where Tom Cowan and I vigorously agree.
No one has actually been able to show that a person with a identified full strand infected another person with the exact same strand.
In fact, China tried to show this.
They tried to show it in the face mask study, where they tried to show that somehow or another these things were transmitted inside of families and inside of small social networks.
And the answer was not a single phenotypic match occurred inside of the same alleged infected family, which means it wasn't a transmission-based disease.
There is not a single published piece of information that shows that one person
had their genetic sequence match to another, quote, infected person.
Never been published.

[SPEAKER_12]
So when you get infected, you're going to have multiple genetic sequences existing in your body, right?
Correct.
So when you say it's exactly the same, well, there's a consensus sequence that's created in someone's body that we can say, okay, the consensus sequence of this person is this.
And so isn't it
unlikely that the consensus sequence of even if that set of viruses was transmitted to the next person, that that other person may express a different distribution of these viruses and therefore they would have a different consensus sequence.
So when you say they didn't exactly match,
it had been from that source because I know there were families where someone gets infected and the whole family gets infected and I can tell you that I was just on a summer vacation with my family and people went back and they got home and family A
that was at our gathering all had COVID and none of the other families did.
Now, I don't think it was through a distribution because it would have then affected all of the families and none of us were taking, you know, the swabs sticking it up our nose.
So how did this happen?

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.
And this is where we have to get into the fact that, and then, and unfortunately this is, this is where,
I love by the way I've had so many people attack me because I use the term virus and I'm not supposed to do that but I don't care I do because it is a defined legal term and it's a defined term of art whether I mean I've always said to people who want to fight over that one if you want to go back with me and really fight over a fundamental assumptions I just finished public it publishing an over 500 page
textbook on the mathematics that shows that the Einstein-Derek and Hilbert equations are actually disprovable by virtue of assumptions that they made.
So the good news is, if you want to go back far enough, I'll tear every bit of science apart with you.
But if we start with the assumption of DNA, CDNA, and RNA, what we can find out is that the tests that we've done, and remember, nobody ever was tested for COVID.
They were tested for the existence
of the SARS-CoV-2 strands, no one was tested for COVID.

[SPEAKER_12]
No one has ever been.
But people have done, they have done whole genome sequencing of people.
Most people just get the PCR test, but they'll take a portion of those people to do the whole genome sequencing so they can find out what variant they have.

[SPEAKER_13]
Exactly, but the fact of the matter is even when you do a whole genome sequence, and remember,
You know as much as people want a whole genome sequence to be you put a virus in one end of a thing Stucks it through a straw and it reads out the other end.
That's not what happens.
We take fragments of everything
and we stitch it together.
That's combinatorial genetics is the only way we measure things.

[SPEAKER_12]
And what we do... No, no, no.
We can do de novo whole genome sequencing with the Oxford Nanopore.
Very long reads.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes, and we still have a template on which we're reading it.
My point is a symbol.

[SPEAKER_12]
If we do it de novo, there's no template.

[SPEAKER_13]
We're looking for patterns.
If it's done de novo, that's correct.
But here's the problem.
The problem is the population that gets tested is not getting tested that way.
The population that's getting tested is getting tested for fragments of sequences.
Yes.
That's the whole nature of polymerase chain reaction.
Yes, agree.

[SPEAKER_12]
So the issue is... For fragments, totally agree.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right.
But here's the problem.
The problem is no one has been able to establish a causal link between a de novo sequence and any disease.
Remember that this is a fallacy of the fact that the only place we're sourcing samples is actually from allegedly a population from whom we're selecting a substratus to test.
And then the problem with that is we're actually not testing for the prevalence of exactly the same sequence in an enormous number of the control population.
So the great news is I'm not suggesting, and that's why I've always been careful about this topic.
We knew in April of 2020, we knew that SARS-CoV-2 did not cause COVID.
And the reason we knew that was we had to invent this idea of asymptomatic spread.
If we actually were convinced that the differential diagnosis for COVID was the existence of that sequence, then it would have been a differential diagnosis that in fact would have been a universal application.
But that's not the case.
Imagine how ludicrous it would be to actually say we're going to
test you for, I don't know, lymphoma.
But we're not going to use a blood test.
You would actually laugh at me.
You'd go, but Dave, you can't measure lymphoma without actually measuring lymphocytes.
You have to measure them.
You wouldn't have PSA tests for prostate-specific antigen and then go, well, the only thing we're going to do is not measure PSA.
We created
As a society, a symptom-derived set of criteria to call something COVID-19, and then we actually back this causative relationship between SARS-CoV-2 and that outcome.
But here's the problem.
The problem is at no point in the entire pandemic was there a causative relationship that said
by virtue of infection with SARS-CoV-2 as measured, regardless of how we did it, PCR or de novo, at no point did the existence of SARS-CoV-2 equal disease.
That is the reason why NIAID, CDC, and the FDA had to make up the term asymptomatic spread of a symptom-only disease.
And that's because we haven't established causation.
The way you establish causation is a sensitivity and specificity analysis in a population.
And we failed on both of those because we couldn't tell whether a true positive meant disease or a true positive simply meant the presence of a strand of protein.
And we didn't measure the specificity that said if you didn't have it, did you still have the disease?
Tiny little problem.
tons of people were symptomatic for what they called COVID-19 and didn't have allegedly any even fragment of SARS-CoV-2.
So how does that happen?
How do you get glassy lung?
How do you get all these things, but you don't have a positive PCR test?
Steve, why did we even in post-mortem studies let people die of COVID despite the fact that they didn't have a positive COVID test
as expressed by PCR.
We did that because we were trying to inflate the number of illness cases, and we realized that we ran into a problem.
There weren't that many illness cases.
So what we transitioned to with counting positive PCR tests and saying, well, that's a COVID case, except by definition it wasn't.
So here's the thing.
We actually agree.
And this is where I'm happy to sit with anybody who's on either side of the viral model debate and simply say we agree that the prevalence of an abnormally engineered sequence of protein, and in this particular case I'm talking about cDNA or mRNA, the fact of the matter of its existence does not mean that the disease is present or absent.
And equally, the presence of the symptoms does not mean that there is a presence or absence of that sequence.
And because of that, what I'm saying is a very simple thing.
People were introduced to a lethal respiratory agent.
That was announced on September 18th, 2019.
The cause of it and the purpose of it was actually recapitulated in event 201.
And the consequence of it, which was published on September 18th, 2019 was for the purpose of vaccine acceptance.
And that is where if we look at all the death, if we look at all the disability, all the morbidity and mortality data says,
that we genuinely hit a wall of morbidity and mortality, not with allegedly the existence of a virus, not allegedly with the existence of even a distributed agent through PCR.
Where we hit morbidity and mortality that actually moved the needle was when we started injecting people.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_13]
Um, we, but we did have mortality before we injected people and they go back and once again, yeah, once again, if you go back and you look at the second and third quarter, 2020 death benefit claims in the health and the life insurance industry.
As I showed in the fourth quarter of 2020,
We did not have abnormal death claims paid until the fourth quarter of 2020.
So I'm not saying there weren't people that died.
I am saying that we actually had a record profitable year with the record low number of death claims until we got to the fourth quarter of 2020.
That is unambiguously the case and the only people who have a vested interest in telling that truth are the actuaries have to write the checks Okay, but this this is so we agree that there's a novel pathogen, right?
That's ours So I agree Yeah, I'm very precise about what I say since Ralph Barrett called it a bio weapon.
I call it a bio weapon Yes, there was a novel introduced
sequence, that's correct.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, and would we agree also that if you got that sequence in your body that that sequence was capable of replicating inside your body for a time until your body fought it off?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, so that's where we have to be very careful because what I will tell you is what we injected because of the pseudo urodine and because of the nature of the lipid nanoparticle and the injection
I would say that it was persistent, not necessarily that it replicated.
And we need to be precise on this.
We don't know.
And by the way, I'm not saying one side or the other.
We do not know whether or not it is the persistence and the replication of the mRNA or whether it is the cascade events of
the cells exposure to the RNA, which actually creates the reason why we see this spike protein showing up well outside the injection site.
We see it in various organ tissues.
We see it all over the place.
And the problem is, and by the way, not knowing is an acceptable answer, right?
I don't know the answer to this.
What I don't know, I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_12]
I was asking about the before,
the vaccines rolled out, right?
You got COVID, you can get a PCR test, you get a quantitative PCR test, your level of viral infection will go up over time and then it will go down.
And if you took a lateral flow test, you might have a light thing, and then it might go darker, and then it might go light, and then it disappears.
That suggests that this pathogen that you got, or this bio weapon that you got, replicates inside of us, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
That is the logical extension of it, except for the absence of a dose response curve from a
from a symptomologic level.
Because most of the time, if we think of the classic models of what we think of as viral infection, we would say that that would follow a dose response curve as an infectious experience with the inflammatory response that we typically see.
And the odd thing in this case, and that's why I'm just saying, I'm willing to accept the I don't know answer.
is that in this particular case, while that pattern appeared to occur in the testing, it did not seem to have the same match we would expect to see at the symptom level.
That is a bizarre thing.
And I'm willing to accept an I don't know answer to that.
But what I know is that the ultimate distribution
of how this thing propagated inside of a human being is actually something where the kinetics were not uniform.
So something else was going on because some people had a response that other people did not have.

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, so some questions we will have to leave for the next episode it seems.
So we've been going here for almost two hours.
So I think we should open it up for questions.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, and I apologize.
I actually have to jump in about three minutes.
So what I'm happy to do, Steve, is I'm actually happy technology not withstanding because we kind of had a mess up at the beginning.
I'm happy to sit down and have another conversation because I'd love to have questions.
But we're, I'm now running into, I have a thing in two minutes.
So.

[SPEAKER_14]
Oh, can I get your take, David, before you leave on Mpox, the new health emergency that the who just declared.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
So, so beautiful.
And that's a great point.
And I did a long video on that two years ago when the nuclear threat initiative sponsored by none other than the Dustin Moskowitz actually told us that we were going to have a monkeypox outbreak roughly at this time.
So the good news is, once again, to our earlier observation, nature conveniently backed itself into a published plan from the nuclear threat initiative two years ago.
Now, what's fascinating about this one?

[SPEAKER_12]
I wish we could predict the stock market this way.

[SPEAKER_13]
Exactly.
Well, all you have to do, follow Open Philanthropy's investment protocol, and you'll actually make a good return.
But seriously, here's what this is.
Monkeypox is a cover story for the vaccine side effects.
There is no question that you're going to have an increased number of what appear to be surface autoimmune and other forms of outbreaks that look like skin lesions, that look like a number of other things.
I said two years ago when I actually briefed the Monkeypox situation, I said that this was going to be scheduled so that it would fall
at the period of time where we start seeing fairly significant autoimmune responses to the injections.
And lo and behold, it happened on schedule.
Monkeypox is not a thing.
It is not something that the public needs to worry about.
What the public needs to worry about is the propaganda campaign that is covering up the unwanted admissions of side effects for what was injected into them two and three years ago.

[SPEAKER_14]
Dr. Martin, I hope you can come back for part two of this ASAP.

[SPEAKER_13]
I will be delighted to.
It will be my honor.
And next time we'll get a more reliable connection, but I'm glad we could make this happen.

[SPEAKER_14]
Absolutely.
Well, we got a lot of questions left over and I got more of myself, but thank you so much for coming on and we'll reach out and get you back ASAP.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_13]
Very good.
I'm looking forward to that.
Thanks.
Thanks for everything you guys do and for your whole community.
Thank you for caring about this.
One of the biggest problems that got us into this mess was apathy.
And I'm super grateful that the community here is actually staying engaged.
So thank you for that.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yep.
And thank you for the work that you're doing on the legal side.
I think that's really important.
I didn't know about that.

[SPEAKER_13]
You bet.
All right.
Very good.
Thanks, everybody.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.

[SPEAKER_14]
Riveting conversation, Steve, that was just fantastic.
I could just kept watching that for a while and listening and learning.
And unfortunately, to all of our viewers who submitted questions this evening, we're going to save them.
I'm going to store them for part two of this interview, which we will have as soon as we can make both Steve and Dr. Martin available.
And I did not get a chance.
My follow-up question was going to be the Bill Gates question.

[SPEAKER_12]
Which was that?

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, I'm going to play another clip that I had stored that I was going to lead up to it.
Here's a little clip from Dr. Martin.
It's about a minute long.
Take a look.

[SPEAKER_13]
If we think about how bizarre it is that we have essentially the extension of the Carnegie Foundation's eugenics office, which they put at Cold Spring Harbor Labs back in the early 1900s, the continuation of that with the explicit inclusion of that as an agenda in the 1950s when the World Health Organization gets off the ground.
The ongoing nature of Bill Gates getting up and talking about how there's too many people on the earth and Bloomberg and others getting up and saying we need to figure out how to control populations.
In 2011, when we had the decade of the vaccines publication come out of the global preparedness monitoring board, we had a very explicit statement that said that if we have vaccinations where we need them, we will actually see potentially as much as a 20% reduction in the population on earth.
Those are not allegations.
Those are stated objectives.

[SPEAKER_14]
We don't have to get into it at this moment, but he's clearly stating that those were objectives to reduce the population.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, but you see the flip side of that.
We're going to use vaccines to kill people.
The reason that you use vaccines
And the reason that if you asked Bill Gates that question, how is it that we control the population through vaccines is that a lot of countries that the families have lots of kids because they know that kids are going to die and they want to have offspring that will be able to support the family as the family gets older, the older folks are supported by the new folks.
And if the new folks, if the kids all die off,
then that's a problem.
And so the theory behind vaccination is that if you provide vaccines so that kids do not die from these diseases, that families do not have to have as many kids in the family because they won't die.
And so that's the thinking behind that statement.
So at no time will you ever say that
at no time has Bill Gates ever stated that, yes, we give these vaccines to people to kill them.
We give the vaccines to people so that they feel that they need to have fewer offspring.

[SPEAKER_14]
That makes sense.
I was definitely curious to get David Martin's take because he implies otherwise in the video that I

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, if there is a video of Bill Gates saying, yeah, yeah, we use the vaccines in order to reduce the population because people who get vaccines die, I guarantee that we would know that clip.
That clip would be played over and over again on the internet.
There is no such clip to my knowledge.
And believe me, if there was such a clip, I'm sure somebody would make me aware of that as well as everybody else would be aware of it as well.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, that makes perfect sense, Steve.
I got a few announcements I wanna announce here before we sign off.
Stick around, I actually made a little montage video of the new COVID vaccine coming out, the news propaganda to encourage people to get that out.
So it's coming back, they're acknowledging
The new boosters, right?
The new boosters.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I just got a call.
CHD is writing an article.
It should be out probably tomorrow or the day after on the new boosters.
I gave them a whole bunch of quotes on how safe and effective these vaccines are.

[SPEAKER_14]
Well, they are aware that the uptake has been not up to par for them.
Dismal.
Dismal, yeah.
And so I see they're getting the news out again.
So yeah, I am very curious if the uptake will rise and what they will do to encourage people to
uh, get this, this vaccine.
Cause I've heard from many of my friends who got the first round now that, oh, I'm not going to get another one.
I'm not going to get another one.
So this would be a very telling sign.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
I mean, a lot of people as we, as we heard on the firefighters episode got the, um, got the jabs when it came job jabber job.
Right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
When it came to the job, they got the jab.
Yep.
So I want to remind everyone about our raffle again.
We've got this seven pack raffle.
Your substack is included in this, Steve, by the way.
So as you can see on our screen.
We are raffling off seven, seven sub-stacks.
Yours, Dr. Mary Talley-Boden, Sasha Laddipova, Dr. Jessica Rose, Dr. Merrill Nass, Jeff Childers, and Warner Mendenhall.
And I think the odds are pretty good.
We haven't had a ton of people go for this raffle.
I'm just going to be upfront.
So if you are interested, they're only $10.
$10 for a raffle and you get a year of each of these.

[SPEAKER_12]
And what's, what's, what's the, what's to be able, what's the value of Libya?

[SPEAKER_14]
10 bucks for, let's just call them each of them at five or 10 bucks a month.
So seven, that's 70 bucks a month times 12 months.
That's pretty good.
That's a, that's a pretty good little return.

[SPEAKER_12]
That'd be $840 for a $10 investment.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
So not too bad.
And they're really good right now.
So I would say now's a good time to jump on that raffle.
Janet's going to put the link in the chat.
And yeah, there you see the link on the screen, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, there's only 17 people have gone in.
So the odds are really good at this point.

[SPEAKER_14]
Really good.

[SPEAKER_12]
So the odds are in your favor.

[SPEAKER_14]
The odds are definitely in your favor.
Right now, if you want to help us out, this is a great way to do it.
Because our work and your support is what makes all of this happen.
And it's a great value here.
It helps us, and somebody's going to win.
And we're going to run this for one more week, right?
So next Thursday, we'll announce the winner.
So you can join the raffle now or throughout the week during the replays.
And then next Thursday, we'll say who the lucky winner is.
And I also want to transition into our VSRF Spotlight.
Our VSRF spotlight tonight comes from Tim and Colleen from California, and they write, we want to thank VSRF for being a voice for the vaccine injured.
In our family of four, we have a 39-year-old vaccine damage daughter, Melissa, from pertussis at six months old.
A son, Matt, who died at 33 years old after two Moderna vaccines of cardiomegaly.
and complete organ failure, and my wife who was vaccine injured in 2009 by a flu shot and suffered Guillain-Barre.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_12]
And remember, these vaccines are safe and effective.
So you have a family that's this small with this.
What is it, like half the people in the family are vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_14]
More than half, I think, yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
Safe and effective.
It's more than half.
It's not 100%.

[SPEAKER_14]
And you'll see in the video I made, they bring on doctors saying it's safe and effective still to this day.

[SPEAKER_12]
Safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
It's crazy.
Well, basically.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah.
Thank you, Tim, on calling because most people we have the blank.
You know, they come in anonymously, so thank you for having a safe space to this.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, they allowed us to share their photo, and we really appreciate you and all your support.
Thank you, Tim and Colleen, and I know it's been a struggle for your family and for you to go through all this, and we're here because of...
people and families like you to get the word out.
Thank you.
Thank you.
This is our QR code.
That's all the work.
We continue to do work right there on the screen.
That's all the different projects we've been involved in throughout this entire pandemic.
We're definitely planning to continue because there's just more to fight for.
It's just never-ending, Steve.

[SPEAKER_12]
I don't worry about job security.
There's one thing when I go to bed at night, I never worry about job security.

[SPEAKER_14]
You are prolifically busy.

[SPEAKER_12]
I wish I had to worry about job security.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's never ending.
And the next wave, I hope you're ready because between Mpox and the new vaccine coming out, which will create another wave of
you know, adverse effects for those that go ahead and choose to get those.
Yeah.
There's just no end in sight that I can see.
Another event I want to announce that we are involved in is the Rescue the Republic.
We're thrilled to announce
For all of our Defeat the Mandates rallyers and supporters, we're organizing once again, and this will be a rally like no other.
You definitely won't want to miss it.
Mark your calendars for September 29th in Washington, D.C. As we come together for Rescue the Republic, this event is a celebration of what makes America and our republic so special.
We're uniting, regardless of political affiliation, whether you're right or left, vaccinated or unvaccinated, we're bringing together notable musical artists,
Comedians and thought leaders of our generation to stand in solidarity at the heart of the celebration is a powerful message of peace love and unity Join us as we honor and uphold the values that make our nation great Visit join the resistance org to register and even if you can't be there in person Please register so we can keep you updated on the event and the live stream Janet will put the link in the chat and
Also, I did a screen without Steve, but I'm going to bring him back for the next week.
I'm updating on the fly here.
Next week, Dr. Christian Bogner and the autism epidemic.
We actually have two doctors joining us, Dr. Bogner and Dr. Alex Zahra-Hoskey.
Do you know how to say this name, Steve?
Probably because I'm butchering Alex Zahra-Hoskey.
Both have personal stories about how autism has deeply affected their lives and how they are now helping other families.
It's going to be a powerful and informative show that
you won't want to miss.
And yeah.
So any closing thoughts, Steve?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes.
Yes.
I wanted to say that tomorrow I check into True North and I'm going to start.
I'm paying to starve myself.
And I told them that they would get a lot more clients if it were like root beer floats and ice cream and banana splits and all this food that's like super bad for you.
crème brûlée, whatever.
And it's going to be fasting for, I don't know, how many days.
But when you see me next, I can't predict whether I'll be able to think.
You're not going to be yourself, Steve.
We'll see.
We'll see what they put me through.
But yeah, I'm submitting to their, and I'll ask for mercy.

[SPEAKER_14]
Steve, I want to say I'm actually really proud of you for actually doing this, making this step, doing anything you can and going through this true North experience next week, or starting tomorrow.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'll keep you all informed to the extent that I'm able, but I hear that your brain sort of switches off after
zero calories and so we'll see what happens.
I may not be able to do it next week.

[SPEAKER_14]
Let's check in a couple days before see how you're doing.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, see if I can actually put the sentence together.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, I'll be here in your support and I'll be here if you can't do the show or maybe you can do part of it.
We'll see.
Maybe it'll actually be more interesting after you've been fasting for a week.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, maybe.
I don't know.
Believe me, I'm not looking forward to it.
Angela has told me over and over again, this is the hardest thing that you will ever do in your life.
So the good thing is that it doesn't get any worse than this.

[SPEAKER_14]
You're going right to the bottom of the worst thing you can do.

[SPEAKER_12]
That is like the best thing I can say is it doesn't get any worse than this.
But apparently people come back for this, this torture on an annual basis.
They're like D-Pak, I think does this.
He did it.
He went to True North, D-Pak.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, he's a regular.
Wow.
All right.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, I hope that's not a hippo violation.

[SPEAKER_14]
We'll have to bring him on after your experience.
We'll have to bring him back on so you guys can share about the experience and maybe give you some more about, you know, what he's been doing since he first went.
Well, I really do hope it makes a difference in your vision, Steve.
I'll be pulling for you and sending you

[SPEAKER_12]
all of the best energy i can your way send me food you want me to to to sneak some protein bars in your suitcase i said no that's the whole point is to.
It's not to cheat.
You can't cheat yourself on this stuff.
You have to do it.

[SPEAKER_14]
You've got to commit.
You're strong.
You can do this.
I know you can.
May the force be with you, Steve.
And I want to thank everyone who is with us tonight.
I know we went long, but it was so worth it.
And if Dr. Martin could have stayed longer, we would have kept going.
And again, apologies for our technical difficulties.
We'll sort that out.
the next time we have them on.
And again, I'm going to close with this montage of the news propaganda for this new approved, new and improved, new and improved, improved.

[SPEAKER_12]
Everybody should make sure to get your shots before the next episode.
We don't want anyone to be infected.

[SPEAKER_14]
No, not at all.
Have a great evening, everyone.
Steve, good luck tomorrow and your whole time there.
Have a great night.
All right.
See you, everybody.

[SPEAKER_09]
Two sources tell NBC News that the Food and Drug Administration is expected to approve the new COVID-19 vaccine as early as today with the updated shots being available within days.

[SPEAKER_11]
The news comes as the U.S. is experiencing the largest summer surge of infections in two years.

[SPEAKER_08]
We're in a significant summer surge right now.
About 32 states in this country with their wastewater, you know, viral surveillance are reporting high activity.

[SPEAKER_05]
Tell us about these vaccines that we were mentioning in regards to getting this approval.
What is the difference and what your people know about them?

[SPEAKER_10]
They're said to be substantially improved from what they were before.
That's the Pfizer spokesperson who's talking about that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Manufacturers say they have the doses ready to go and are now just waiting for that final FDA approval.

[SPEAKER_03]
Moderna execs say millions of doses of its updated COVID vaccine are ready.

[SPEAKER_15]
We're anticipating the FDA determination of the updated COVID vaccine imminently, which would mean that vaccine would be in the system within days thereafter.

[SPEAKER_03]
Moderna's VP of medical affairs in North America explains mRNA allows for COVID vaccines to be updated faster.

[SPEAKER_15]
we are only given the inf the FDA deliberated and made the recommendat should be the formulatio be in this updated vac six weeks ago.

[SPEAKER_09]
We've r I think people are like, w to get that again.
I th
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
So what do you make, Stephanie, of the fact that the uptake has been lower and lower?
Do you anticipate that because we saw such a big summer spike, more people will be interested in getting a new round of the shot?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I think that what we're seeing is sort of a return to baseline around how people feel about vaccinations in general, less than half of adults get the flu vaccine every year, historically.
And I think that that's probably where we're going to start landing with the COVID vaccine.
I think with there being so much COVID going around, I know at least four people in the past month who've had COVID probably a little bit more.
There may be an interest for those who do feel like they're at risk to get vaccinated.
I think we're also going to start seeing people.
stop being quite so fearful of the vaccine.
It's been around for several years now.
It is tried and true.
It is not causing the severe outcomes in terms of side effects that a lot of people were afraid of.
And hopefully people will be more comfortable getting vaccinated as time goes on.

[SPEAKER_08]
The CDC in June made a recommendation that anyone six months and older is a candidate for getting this updated booster along with the flu shot this year.
And we always talk about these groups that are more vulnerable.
If you're over 65 years old, if you have a weak and immune system, and also if you have underlying health conditions, you definitely want to be getting in line to get the shot.

[SPEAKER_04]
The CDC recommends everyone over six months old get an updated COVID and flu shot this year.

[SPEAKER_10]
If you haven't had a vaccine in the last six months, you ought to consider it.
I'm gonna get one myself.
I believe in these vaccines and I'm gonna make sure that my patients get them when they agree to do it.
