[SPEAKER_07]
Steve, did you see that, Bobby?
So next, next, I get to introduce one of the smartest people in the music industry.
I mean, I love this guy.
Five times August is amazing.
He did one of the best videos.
If you haven't seen Sad Little Man, by the way, just in case you're forgetting, that's Dr. Men, that shows if Mengele is understudied.
Dr. Fauci, you know him?
Yeah, his understudy, right?
His song, Sad Little Man, is one of the clearest things you've ever seen and heard.
So I want to introduce to you a man I respect and admire so much.
Five times August.

[SPEAKER_08]
Y'all.
I released this song in November in an ideal world.
It would be irrelevant by now.
The guy won't go away.
So today, wherever he is, if you know this song and you know the chorus, sing it loud.
So wherever he is, he hears you, all right?
It goes like this.

[SPEAKER_09]
Sad little man, sad little man.
Now all you know you can, sad little man, sad little man, you don't fool me, you sad little
sad little man sitting deep in a lie he's dead and his soul but he'll keep you alive do what he says not what he do cuz the truth is for him and the lie is for you sad little man but he's treated like a god as the fate of
Let's pray to a fake and a fraud Worship the man, pledge to his word One shot, two shot, now you get a third Sad little man, sad little man You better run now while you know you can Sad little man, sad little man You don't fool me, you sad little man
sad little man gonna trap you like a dog put your head in the net while they eat you raw don't ask why just comply this fear is the drug that the doctor prescribed sad little man you can watch him on the news preaching to the choir while they learn the rules some feel safe some feel healed but
He'll all hold his hand as he makes the kill.
Sad little man, sad little man, you're better right now while you know you can.
Sad little man, sad little man, you're dumb for me, you sad little man.
Sad little man and he wants your kids Some might live while the rest gets sick So put him to the test Listen for the yell When the truth comes out he's gonna burn in hell
Sad little man, sad little man You better run now while you know you can Sad little man, sad little man You don't fool me, you sad little man You can't fool me, you sad little man

[SPEAKER_00]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're excited to welcome back one of the most respected voices in the medical community, Dr. Peter McCullough, for an important conversation about detoxing from the spike protein.

[SPEAKER_05]
The spike protein is the spine on the surface of the virus.
It's the lethal part of the virus.
The vaccines load the genetic code for the lethal part of the virus.
And now a Yale study has shown the spike protein is circulating in the blood of the vaccinated for 709 days.
There was a paper from Brogna and colleagues showing, you know, large quantities of it and people took Pfizer Moderna circulating at six months.
I mean, this causes blood clots.
It causes heart damage, neurologic damage.
autoimmunity.
Sadly, it may be related to cancer.
We should never have a foreign protein devised in a Chinese biosecurity lab in our bloodstream for months, if not years.
This is a population disaster.

[SPEAKER_00]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
We've got a very special show for you tonight.
We're welcoming back a dear friend of the show, the incredible Dr. Peter McCullough, one of the most respected voices in the medical community for a powerful and timely conversation about detoxing from the spike protein.
Dr. McCullough will be joining us to share his latest insights, research, and real-world remedies to help the body recover from spike protein exposure.
Here's what you can expect in this important conversation.
Insight into the science behind the spike protein and how it affects the body, practical steps and protocols to support detox and healing, and empowering ways to take control of your health in the face of ongoing challenges.
But before we dive in, I want to take a moment to look back.
Three years ago today, we made history at the Defeat the Mandates Rally in Los Angeles as we just showed a clip of
Five times August playing five little man back at the LA defeat the mandates rally over 30,000 people came together from all walks of life United in our stand against vaccine and mask mandates and guess what our voices were heard We defeated the mandates and tonight we honored that victory with a special commemorative t-shirt Let me show you let me get a little shot here of the shirts that we just put together and
The defeated The Mandates shirt.
And you can grab yours now.
Janet will drop the link in the chat.
And if you missed out the first time around, good news.
We've got all of our original Defeat The Mandates merch available again in the VSRF online store from teas and hoodies to hats and more.
It's all there.
Every purchase supports our mission and keeps this movement going strong.
So get your shirt while you can.
I hope I showed that.
Let me just flash it one more time.
There it is.
There's a look at the defeated The Mandates t-shirt.
Okay, I'm back here.
And now I'd like to bring on founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?
I'm good, Livio.
Good to see you again.
Good to see you.
I was at the IMA conference last weekend and several people out there from the VSRF community came up and said hello.
And that was a treat to meet some of you out there in person.
So thank you all for coming to the conference and saying hello.
That was really nice.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, and it's proof that Livio is not just this two-dimensional figure that you see every week, but he's really exists in 3D.

[SPEAKER_00]
I am a 3D figure.
Steve, I was also thinking about these mandates and these victories.
Remember, not too long ago, we had Attorney Jonathan Marco and the employee who won like $12.9 million on that case in Detroit, Blue Cross Blue Shield case.
I was following up on that case and did you know that Blue Cross Blue Shield was in negotiations to settle with over a hundred other cases that were right behind her case after she won?
Oh, wow.
I mentioned that there were about a hundred cases.
Oh, wow.
And I'm going to share my screen just to show this that they were in talks about.

[SPEAKER_06]
So has she been paid?

[SPEAKER_00]
That I don't know for sure if she's been paid or not yet, but you know, she won and it's probably going to be a little bit, but there's, there's after she won her case, this came out.
This was back in February 14th where it says Michigan insurer and talks to settle lawsuits over fired workers and COVID-19 cases here.
So just wanted to share that screen so you can see what I'm talking about now.
What happens when they actually settle, I've learned, is that the cases get dismissed, but there is a settlement, but we don't find out about it in the public.
So, odds are all of those cases, those over 100 cases, were settled.
And if she got 12.9 million, who knows what the individual sums were for each of those.
But, you know, just take that, the average and multiply it by 10.
But it's great, but it's also, for me, a little sad because it doesn't get publicized.
They just basically blue cross blue shield just goes out there and buys off everyone pays for it.
And they all have to sign NDAs.
It's how the law works.
And nobody talks about it.
And we don't hear about all the victories.
And this was on across the country.
So little update on the mandates on the on the anniversary of the mandates.
So, without further ado, let's go ahead and bring on our featured guest this evening, Dr. Peter McCullough.
Dr. McCullough, welcome back to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
Just checking to make sure my mic is okay.
Can you hear me?

[SPEAKER_00]
Hear you loud and clear.
You sound great and you look great.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great, thank you.
Yeah, I had to put on my tie for Steve Kerr.
She was calling me while I was rushing to get dressed for the show, but great to be back on VSRF.
I'm not on very much.
Congratulations to you, Livio and Steve, for all of your hard work and
and the progress that you've made, and I think without the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation and its predecessor, I don't know where we would be right now, but I give Steve Gray credit, you know, to being probably the first person who recognized the need for early treatment and put money behind it and made things happen.

[SPEAKER_06]
Thank you, Peter.
And thank you for all of your efforts as well.
I mean, it's been superhuman what you've been doing.
I don't know how you do it.
You seem to be everywhere at the same time.
And you know, every paper that's been ever published and inconsided by memory, it's such incredible work that you're doing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, for those who follow me, I will be at the Autism Summit tomorrow in San Diego.
So I'll be one of the afternoon evening speakers, and there'll be a lot of other people in the health freedom space there in San Diego.
So it should be a great summit.
I'm ready to share some slides, Steve.
Can I go for a period of time and go through the slides and make a formal presentation?

[SPEAKER_06]
Sure, but I want to get into a few things before we do that.

[SPEAKER_00]
Before you, I want to reintroduce Dr. McCullough to our crowd.
Not that he needs too much introduction, but I'm going to read his bio anyway.
And Dr. McCullough is a renowned internist, cardiologist, and epidemiologist with an impressive academic background, holding degrees from Baylor University, the University of Texas Southwest Medical School, the University of Michigan, and Southern Methodist University.
With over 1,000 scientific publications and more than 700 citations in the National Library of Medicine, Dr. McCullough has made an extraordinary impact on the field of medicine.
He is also a familiar face in the public sphere,
frequently featured on both mainstream and independent media where he shares his expertise and insight.
He testified before the US Senate, the US House of Representatives, the European Parliament, and numerous state legislatures offering clarity and courage on some of the most urgent public health matters of our time.
So I will give you control here, Dr. McCullough, for you to share your screen whenever you're ready.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
All right, but not yet, not yet, Peter.
And by the way, Peter has an H index of 135.
That is extraordinary.
This means that he's published 135 papers.
I forget the, but it's like, it's really hard to get to 135.
Most people will get to maybe five or 10.
and getting to 135 is astronomically harder.
It gets exponentially harder the higher your age index is.
So Peter's in this rare stratosphere of one of the most respected scientists in the world.
So I'll just add that to your credentials.
I wanted to ask you about your autism talk tomorrow.
Can you give us a preview of what you'll be talking about?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm trained as an internist and a cardiologist, but also as an epidemiologist.
I have a degree in epidemiology, which is really the discipline of studying the distribution and determinants of disease.
Determinants are the causal factors.
And so I will tackle in a lecture the determinants of autism.
And really start to lay this out.
You know, Robert F. Kennedy has announced that there'll be a very large study and investigation into the causes of outcome.
As an epidemiologist, we don't really use the word cause so much.
We use determinants.
And I think many will be looking forward to the scholarship.
I'll have evidence to support each one of the determinants.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so what do you think is the primary factor causing autism?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it's going to be like coronary heart disease, Steve, and I use that analogy.
Coronary heart disease or blockages of the arteries, it's part due to cholesterol, part due to family history, part due to diabetes.
Part due to high blood pressure, part due to inflammation, and then, you know, other factors that we've, smoking is a big one, and other factors that we've yet to discover.
I think there is a hyper-dominant factor in coronary disease, and that's smoking.
And one of the reasons why, you know, coronary heart disease is down, bypass surgeries and angioplasty is way down, is probably because we've gone from smoking near 80% of the population in 1920 to about 50% in 1970.
to currently 17%.
And so I'm going to use the analogy of corny heart disease and then kind of go around a wheel of potential determinants for autism.
There's clearly something has changed when you and I were children is one in 10,000.
I think there was a recent announcement that it's one in 32 now.
So about 2% to 3% of the population developing autism and rising rapidly.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, well, it's happening more in California than it is in other states.
But you didn't mention the V word.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I'm going to go through the evidence there and give rates of autism and what we believe are relatively unvaccinated, lightly vaccinated, and then still fully vaccinated.
Clearly, vaccines will play a role in the determinism.
of autism.
I think there's no doubt about a particularly compound administration that is giving multiple vaccines together.
I don't think it's going to be any particular vaccine or any particular adjuvant like mercury or aluminum.
And I've been particularly impressed with
the vignettes where children get a battery of vaccines all at once and I've counted up at 15 months and it is 16 that they get at 15 months that window and then the development of a febrile seizure.
And then once we're at a febrile seizure, whether it's witnessed or unwitnessed and full blown or not, the data are clear.
And paper by Nichols and colleagues shows when there's a febrile seizure, there's a 40% chance of conversion to autism.
That's from European data.
So I think once we get to febrile seizure, I think there should be no argument.
So I've put a lot of effort in this.
I'd pre-submit my slides and have them all approved.
So I look forward to seeing many out there tomorrow.

[SPEAKER_06]
So, can you talk about what the odds ratio is for, for vaccination in terms?

[SPEAKER_05]
Most recent study by Mossin and colleagues, it was, I believe it was 2.7.
And, you know, in the autism studies, it's all about the unvaccinated group.
That's actually where all the epidemiologic questions are
And the most recent Mawson paper, as I recall, 49,000 Medicaid recipients sampled at age nine.
The group that had no visits, no Medicaid visits recorded for vaccination, their rate of autism was 1.1%.
And I believe it was 2.9%.
in those who had visits for vaccination.
Now, it doesn't mean the unvaccinated group didn't get vaccines and little school pop up.
um, vaccine campaigns or kids drift in and out of Medicaid.
So it doesn't mean they didn't get any vaccines, but it's a proxy for potentially being lightly vaccinated.
So, um, you know, what we need to do is get to comparative studies where we are certain that children have received no vaccines whatsoever and compare them against vaccinated cohorts.

[SPEAKER_06]
And are you aware of the control group study?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I'm aware of it's called the control medicine and vidian.
I mean, there's a whole gardener was the first author gardener gardener
When was that published?

[SPEAKER_06]
No.
It came out a while ago.
But I can tell you the reference.
The first time I've known about a paper that you didn't know about.

[SPEAKER_05]
But at Gardner, maybe one of the five, as I recall, there's Mossin and Thomas.
I'm ready to present Spike Detox, so I wasn't ready for the autism yet.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I know, I know.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'll work on that on the plane.
But there's five study, I think, now six.
But again, the issue is always the control group.
So in the studies from Scandinavia, the ones that, quote, were used as thought to be definitive, it's now come out that the unvaccinated group, in fact, got the vaccine.
And it just wasn't recorded in the chart.
So that's medicine.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And that's just a horrible, horrible study.
And when you talk to the authors and you point out the errors,
They block you.
Can't figure it out why they would do that.

[SPEAKER_05]
We need to get to these comparative studies.
And I won't be surprised if completely unvaccinated kids occasionally develop autism.
I wouldn't be surprised because there are genetic studies.
There are other studies.
And not only that, but there's mimics.
Autism is not confirmed by a blood test or an x-ray.
it's a clinical diagnosis.
So, of course, there's mimics.
There's going to be some cloudiness regarding the diagnosis.
But as an epidemiologist, it's clear in my mind, I'll present the data tomorrow that it's accelerating excessive vaccination is a determinant, an independent determinant for autism.
And it may be one of the most modifiable things that we have.

[SPEAKER_06]
Very easy to modify.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
There may be other things that are not so easy to modify.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, so I mean, there have been lots of studies, of course, comparing the fully unvaccinated with fully vaccinated kids.
And there have been 10 studies.
One of them, of course, was retracted.
So there are nine studies left in the peer reviewed literature, all showing that kids who are completely unvaccinated are healthier in every metric that they looked at than kids who are vaccinated.
So it seems like it's an easy thing to fix.
And we also make the kids healthier at the same time.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's true, but with vaccines, they're not part of usual science, Steve.
They're part of a religious aspect to medical science called vaccinology.
It's really religious.
They're accepted based on faith, not based on science.
People get very emotional.
They don't want to talk about it.
It has all the features of religious idolatry.
And it goes back hundreds of years.
The same was true for the smallpox vaccine.
There's nothing different.
Now with vaccines they're accepted based on faith people ask whether or not you believe in vaccines No one's ever asked me if I believe in ace inhibitors or if I believe We don't talk about medicinal interventions like whether or not we believe in them except for vaccines and that tells you vaccines are not part of usual medical science they're part of a Every religious belief that runs deep in in doctors and doctors do have this deep religious belief so

[SPEAKER_06]
So speaking of doctors who have a religious belief, when the COVID shots came out, did you know that they were bad news and not take them?
Or were you, at the time that they came out, did you believe that the COVID vaccine was safe and effective?
Or what was your opinion at the time it was announced by the FDA?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you know, four months earlier in August of 2020, I published an op-ed in The Hill called The Great Gamble of the COVID-19 Vaccine Development Program.
And there I focused on, I didn't think they were going to work because, you know, shots in the arm don't work well against respiratory diseases.
And I thought it was channeling resources away from early treatment.
But I didn't anticipate the safety debacle.
Once it came time when they were released,
I was queasy enough where I declined them.
I kept getting pressure from my institution.
Take one.
I said, I already had COVID.
I didn't feel comfortable.
And I was neutral out of the gate.
I never recommended them.
You'll never see me on any video that I recommend them.
You won't see a single tweet where I recommended them.
And then when I came out in the Texas Senate March of 2021, I really was alarmed.
I thought things were going bad.
And then, you know, I went on Tucker Carlson a few weeks later and it went from there.
But, you know, that's my evolution on the COVID-19 vaccines.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, and what was your red pill moment on the COVID vaccine where you shifted from, I don't know about this, this seems a little sketchy to, I'm definitely not going to, this is bad news.
When did you flip the switch from being kind of neutral to
of this is we got to tell the public about this because you basically sacrificed your career to go out and tell people I mean you had a you had a nice thriving practice and you know Baylor sued you and I mean you've gotten all kinds of abuse I mean they they took away they took away your board certifications and is that right that that they did that that I've resigned from the American Board of Internal Medicine before they could take action against me so

[SPEAKER_05]
They're kind of left.
I've never heard from them again, but I voluntarily certified.
I voluntarily withdrew.
I am board certified from the National Board of American Physicians Surgeon, so there's an alternative board.
But you're right.
I've essentially been forced out of three jobs.
It's been tremendous financial impact.
But when I saw people dying, you know, nearly directly after the shots, and I think the red pill moment for me, Steve, I have to go back and check, it's either in March or February of 2021, when I believe we are at about 1600 deaths reported to VAERS, there was a statement released on the CDC website.
that said that CDC and FDA doctors reviewed all the deaths and none of them were due to the vaccine.
Now, listen, I've been on data safety monitoring boards, event review committees.
It would take a couple years to have two independent reviewers review all the labs, x-rays, EKGs, autopsies.
And to be able to make that conclusion at 1600 desks, it was, I just knew at that point in time that could not be right.
That must be a
deceptive report to try to, you know, actually continue the vaccine program.
You know, we had exceeded, we get about 150 deaths in divers per year.
I was keeping track of it.
We had exceeded 150 by January 21st of 2021.
We knew that Pfizer was collecting the 90-day dossier.
They hit 1,223 deaths.
in that 90 days post-marketing when people were reported into Pfizer.
So all of those data are cohesive.
So we knew in the first three months of the campaign, it was going to be catastrophic.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So two more questions before we go into your presentation.
OK. People speculate that this is deliberate.
that there's a depopulation agenda or there's this deep state or whatever, but this is a deliberate depopulation that the COVID vaccine is designed to reduce population.
What's your reaction to that?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I don't see any evidence of like a master plan along those lines.
There clearly was a master plan
to mass vaccinate the world.
And when I testified in Congress about a year ago, just ahead of me was Anthony Fauci, same committee.
And we had some sidebar conversations.
I said, hey, what did Fauci say?
And essentially, the conclusion was, Fauci said the whole purpose of SARS-CoV-2 was to get to the vaccine.
That was the whole goal.
And from the Gates Foundation, World Economic Forum, WHO, the agencies, what we call the biopharmaceutical complex, the aspiration is global mass vaccination.
There's no doubt about that.

[SPEAKER_06]
But is it to save people or is it to kill people?
Are they trying to vaccinate people because they're trying to be good
good human beings and are they doing it because what they think they're doing is saving the world or do you think that they're doing it to depopulate the world?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it's part of this religious belief.
So the religion goes like this, that we're vulnerable to infectious diseases.
Through the brilliance of mankind, we can improve God's creation and through vaccination.
And so when you have this strong religious belief, you have a lot of money, you have a lot of fear, you can get a lot done.
Now, the issue is the vaccines are never perfect.
Back from smallpox, people have died with a smallpox vaccine.
They died with polio vaccine or given polio.
So the vaccines have never been perfect.
And so the religion says, listen, they're not perfect, but for them to work, everybody has to take them.
And if there's some casualties along the way, people have to take it for the team.
So it's really a religion.
It's a religious belief.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.
OK. And finally, I wanted to ask you about the measles vaccine.
So, you know, there have been reported cases of measles when we look under the cover as we find that the press isn't telling us the truth about people dying, the kids dying from measles.
They're dying from pneumonia or they're dying from bacterial infection.
They're not dying from measles.
RFK Jr. has gone out and actually said that the best way to prevent measles is to take the measles vaccine, which
Some of us find quite shocking that he would say that.
But fortunately, they're not mandating the measles vaccine on anyone.
So it's a personal choice.
And I'm sure he's going to be letting people know about the risk benefit trade-off.
What's your take on the measles vaccine?
If a parent came to you and asked you, should I give a measles vaccine to my child?
What would you say?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, let me use myself as an example, Steve.
I just visited my mom in a senior home today, and I asked mom about measles.
And she said, oh yeah, in third grade, she got measles, mumps, and chicken pox in the same year.
And she got through it.
She said she missed some school, but she got through it fine.
So as a kid, at age two, I was given a single measles shot.
You know, never got measles.
I didn't know anybody in my school got measles.
And then at age 20, I was ready to go to medical school.
I checked my blood test.
I had to.
And I didn't have any immunity for measles.
And so I got another measles shot at age 20.
Then at age 28, there was another sweep through employee health.
when I was a fellow, and I didn't have any immunity to measles.
So I ended up taking two MMR shots.
So I've personally taken four measles shots, and in a paper by Bianchi from an Italian medical school, they showed 20% of people, I'm in that 20% who take the shots, they really don't have any immunity.
Now it turns out if you've had measles naturally, it's about 6% don't serologically have immunity.
So it's possible to get a mild case of measles again.
So that's the first point.
The second point is that severe measles has always been linked to nutritional deficiencies, particularly vitamin A, in very good data from the UK in 1963.
So this is as recent as we have before the vaccine there.
by Miller and colleagues, 59,000 cases of measles in the UK.
The death rate before pediatric ICUs, before most of our medicinal support, was 0.2 per thousand.
0.2 per thousand, hospitalization rate 11.1 per thousand.
That's the best data we have.
So anything higher than that.
Now, if we got United States, well, you know, if we have 500 cases and someone says 20% are being hospitalized, you would immediately wonder, why is that so much higher now?
And the answer is the CDC encourages hospitalization of healthy kids with measles
for contagion control so the kids aren't sick and then the deaths as you pointed out have to be scrutinized.
So I've had a conversation with the Mennonite community out there.
First hand talked to people.
And I know Ben Edwards, I went to school with him at Baylor, who's a doctor taking care of patients.
This is what we know.
The man who died of quote measles, had measles, was getting better and actually died of a heart attack in the hospital, like a day or two in the hospital.
And the CDC has not ruled that a measles death.
And remember, viral infections can trigger heart attacks.
OK, so that's the first one.
The second one is a school-aged child, I think age eight.
She comes out on children's health defense with her parents, her cases critically evaluated.
She died of a bacterial pneumonia.
She didn't die of measles.
And when they start the illness, as a five-day illness, she started on Friday when she was really sick with a fever on Monday and urgent care.
That's when she should have gotten antibiotics.
And she comes into the hospital on that following Friday, and she dies.
That shouldn't happen.
Now, the third death also occurred in Lubbock.
It just hasn't been critically reviewed here.
And the other thing, our public health agency, I think, is not being honest with Americans.
They say 95% are unvaccinated or vaccine status unknown.
They don't define unknown, Steve.
So unknown may be just, you know, vaccinated but cannot prove it with their vaccine cards because it's, you know, it's hard to find.
Most people take the measles vaccine and Dallas County, the coverage with MMR here is 98%.
So it's pretty hard not to find a measles vaccinated person.
Now,
risk-benefit, VAERS, over the last 25 years, more measles vaccine deaths than deaths due to measles itself.
So it's very rare.
On my sub-stack focal points, I just highlighted a measles vaccine death published by Stanford, an institution near you, of a child who gets the MMR but the child had incipient acute myelogist leukemia,
And of course, it's a live viral vaccine.
Once the vaccine was in the baby, the vaccine virus mutated, invaded the brain and killed the baby.
And the Stanford doctor said, that's what happened.
So there are well-documented published cases of measles vaccine deaths.
And then the final update I have, Steve, I was just curious, in the United States, we're making such a big deal about it.
Guess how many measles cases there were confirmed in Europe last year?

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, it was, what, like hundreds of thousands, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
It was 125,000 cases of measles in Europe.
So, you know, United States, before the measles vaccine, we were running about 500,000 cases of measles before the vaccine in Europe.
It's kind of variously vaccinated.
125,000 cases.
They reported 38 deaths, Steve.
None of them confirmed.
It's not like they did a careful clinical review and confirmed it.
One final piece, Steve.
Interesting.
1993, because of side effects, the Japanese pulled the MMR off the market.
said, listen, don't combine these, pull them off the market and give them individually.
And of course, it's always parental choice.
I thought that was an interesting historical development because Andrew Wakefield's landmark paper doesn't come out until 1998 in the Lancet.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So bottom line, what's the answer?
Do you reckon?
I think the bottom line is.
Some parent comes and says, should I give my kid the measles vaccine?
What's the yes or no?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, listen, there should be a very careful review of is the child immunocompromised.
This is important.
Probably these measles outbreaks occur in giving an MMR to an immunocompromised child because vaccines are given so indiscriminately.
So not all kids can receive the MMR vaccine.
Remember, if they're immunocompromised, it's a contraindication, egg allergies,
contraindication.
There's about four contraindications, so not everybody can receive an MMR vaccine.
And then, of course, it needs to be individualized.
Remember, there's the R in MMR.
That's rubella.
Remember, boys don't get
any significant rubella.
A boy should not have to receive a rubella shot.
It's only to help prevent congenital rubella syndrome in women as they're approaching pregnancy.
So, you know, the MMR is the problem.
It's all combined together.
So you're giving rubella to a boy who doesn't need it.
The measles is a live vaccine.
Of course, the mumps vaccine has been
critiqued.
Everybody should see protocol seven.
The month vaccine may not be effective at all.
So I'm in line with what the World Council for Health says, which says, listen, a child who's healthy today
it's safer to wait.
And this is an important principle.
Vaccines in general are safer when they're given separately, not given combined, and also later in life, safer as a general principle.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.
Okay.
You're on presentation.

[SPEAKER_05]
Let's get going.
Uh, that was great.
We got a beautiful day in Dallas.
So after we're done, I'm going to go run and, um, get these spike proteins out of my body.
Steve, uh, let's see if you guys are going to let me share here.
Um, there we go.
Okay.
Can you see my screen?

[SPEAKER_06]
Um, just give it a second.
I cannot yet.

[SPEAKER_05]
How about now?

[SPEAKER_06]
Uh, yep.
I think, uh, yep.

[SPEAKER_05]
Got full screen there.
Okay.
Yep.
All right.
Very good.
Well, I was introduced.
I'm Dr. Peter McCullough, and I'm going to introduce McCullough protocol based bike protein detoxification.
And people would say, well, why would you put your name on something?
And first off, it's called an eponym.
It's done in medicine, by the way.
It's either done, you know, if I was at a medical school, this could have been the Baylor protocol or the, you know, there is the Baxter formula, which is a formula by Dr. Baxter, where I trained
at Southwestern to give fluids.
There's the DeBakey retractor.
So physicians many times have their name attached to things, and I did copyright it.
No patents, so no royalties or anything like this, but it's really for accountability so people can know what they're referring to
And it is somewhat of a bold move because if this didn't work, believe me, I would hear about it.
My name would be mud all over a protocol that was found to be not useful.
Now, as full disclosure, I am on the Medical Board of the Wellness Company with Dr. Joe Pinsky, Harvey Rich, Jim Thorpe, Kelly Victory, and Alex Diaz.
I was the first of all of these to be recruited to the wellness company.
And so I do have a conflict of interest in the products that I'm going to be presenting.
Okay, first off SARS-CoV-2 structure, we've been talking about the spike protein, 1255 amino acids, 3831 base pairs.
It's on the surface of the virus, about 30 proteins total.
All the agencies agree the virus was engineered in the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
97% of us have had this virus.
This is very important.
97% of us have had this.
So all the efforts on
social distancing, masking, lockdowns, contact tracing, that was all predicated on the fact that you could avoid getting the illness.
So you can think it was a complete waste of time.
Everything I just mentioned.
Complete waste of time because we all got it.
So when you look back on it, if we would have been told from the beginning, we're all going to get this virus.
Let's get through it together.
That would have been a much more honest presentation as opposed to you can avoid it, you know, locked down and wear a mask.
I did a show today in Ireland.
They had a two kilometer radius around their house in Ireland where they couldn't, they couldn't navigate.
That's how ridiculous it became.
Now, the engineer part of the virus is the spike protein.
The spike protein was engineered to make the virus more contagious and more deadly.
That was all done by a joint U.S.-Chinese collaboration in Wuhan, China.
This is all summarized in two government reports.
This one by the select committee on the coronavirus pandemic.
Brad, one strip is the chair.
There's also
Another oversight committee that reports up through the Department of Energy by Kathy McMorris Rogers, and that's on the pandemic response.
Here are the four key co-conspirators who created the virus.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, who coordinated, funded critical parts of it.
He's received a 10-year preemptive pardon, almost certainly for crimes in this area.
Dr. Ralph Barrick, he's the mastermind.
Peter Dasek, who's been debarred from CMS.
He was the shuttle between Wuhan in New York and Washington back and forth.
He also was the one who first went to Wuhan and said it didn't come out of the lab, even though he had been to the lab many, many times and participated.
So he directly lied to the WHO in the world.
And Dr. Xingling Li, she's the one who worked with the back coronaviruses and helped engineer the spike protein.
Anybody interested in this giant crime, these are four books.
And there are many others that summarize these and timelines in great detail.
And Fauci, of course, been given, you can imagine a doctor has been given a preemptive pardon.
Not a finance criminal guy, not a espionage guy, but a doctor.
And it's laid out in these books.
So a few points about prevention.
Vitamin D in every study that I'm aware of has been preventive for the development of SARS-CoV-2.
I just wanted to point out this study by Sartini and colleagues
In prospective randomized trials, in prevention of COVID, there was about a 60% reduction.
The comparative analytics studies, it was very, very close.
And then it was protective against severe disease.
There's actually a lot of supportive data on vitamin D. Very good supportive data now on nasal sprays and gargles for the prevention of SARS-CoV-2
infection, influenza in the common cold.
So powerful that I personally am doing this twice a day.
You probably remember I was on national TV a few years ago.
I couldn't get, well, I was sick every month.
I am now coming up on my first year of not having a viral infection, first adult year of my life without any infection.
I've interviewed some people for my show who haven't had any viral infection now for 10 to 20 years.

[SPEAKER_06]
But it's twice.
What's your secret?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, the concept here, Steve, is that when you walk through somebody's viral cloud at the store or church, what have you, the virus is up in the nose and it needs a stable environment for about five days.
And it drains back to the lymphatics.
The first thing you feel is a sore throat.
But by the time you have a sore throat, the virus has been there for five days.
Then you get the symptoms.
So you have to disrupt that viral replication.
And by squirting anything up there, saline, xylitol, iodine, just anything,
sniff it back, spit it out, you're disrupting the virus, and then your body's mucosal immune system fights it off.
The gargle is just on top of that.
And now I'm a firm believer.
I have all my patients doing it.
The one I like the best for just every day are the xylitol products, which is clear and spry, acutely sick.
The iodine products are fine.
Now, I think all of them come too strong.
So I personally dilute them and put a pinch of salt in there.
But everybody should be doing this.
And actually, if we did this during COVID-19, we would have markedly changed the face of the pandemic.
Not so many people would have gotten sick.
Yeah, it would have been huge.
Do you know there's even randomized trials of doing this in the hospital?
in people that late and it improved outcomes.
And to this day, our CDC NIH agencies will never mention nasal sprays and gargles.
In fact, our Federal Trade Commission has sued most of these manufacturers for violating the Federal Trade Commission COVID misinformation policy.
And recently, Nate Judge, I know personally after a four-year battle, millions of dollars in legal fees, they just told Nate they're dropping everything.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, wow.
Like, sorry.
Sorry for the inconvenience.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, they were suing him personally and the clear corporation.
Clear spent on the market for 25 years.
It's safe.
And they dropped it.
And then two days later, Trump fired the top two Federal Trade Commission guys.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
So why did they sue them?
What was their point?

[SPEAKER_05]
They said he had studies on his website showing reduced replication of SARS-CoV-2 and they said that he was promoting his product.
He said, I'm just showing the data.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
And by the way, with a xylitol product, the best quotable randomized trials by Baumforth and colleagues, about 600 patients randomized
to doing twice daily nasal spray with clear or placebo or I guess saline.
And there was a 71% reduction in SARS-CoV-2 during the heat of the pandemic.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
So do you personally then spray twice a day, no matter what?
No matter what.
Because I don't know.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Like, Steve, I don't know.
Like, I'm going to do it tonight.
I went out to the senior home.
Maybe somebody in the lobby coughed and they had a virus.
I'm going to get on the plane tomorrow.
I think planes do carry viruses.
I'm going to do it probably before and after the plane.
But I haven't been sick in now nearly a year, the first year of my adult life.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so basically though, it's every kind of like every 12 hours, do it in the morning, do it before you go to bed.
You got 12 hours and you hit it again and it's all basically prophylactic.
Because there's no way for you to know whether an infection has taken hold.
like we have no chest that can detect something or do we?
I mean, could you?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, listen, there's been a clinical trials called the immune defense trials just published last year in Lancet, 15,000 people, huge trial.
And they tried this kind of, if you sense something's coming on or you're exposed kind of on demand and it reduced the infection rate about 25%.
So it had an effect, but it wasn't perfect.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So you get a much better effect by, by not, by just doing it religiously.

[SPEAKER_05]
Exactly.
Most important thing I've learned.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
So it doesn't matter whether it's the, uh, uh, clear, clear or, uh, the beta dying or,
Povidon iodine mix, you can squirt some Povidon iodine into water and then squirt that up your nose to make it like a light tea sort of thing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Even less than that, honestly, we were going to iodine.
Oh, really?
Yeah, just a drop or two of iodine.
You don't need much drop.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, a drop or two.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
It should not burn.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right, shouldn't burn, but that would be a very, very light almost, you know, if you think of a cup of tea, it's like putting in the tea bag just for a little bit and then taking it out.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, sometimes you don't even see any brownness at all.
Steve, listen, saline alone works.
People have just put a little bit more salt like hypertonic saline.
Believe it or not, in children, dilute baby shampoo, just a little bulb syringe, anything works.
You know, people swimming in the ocean, you live in California, I know you live in your beachfront palatial village out there.
Oh yeah, exactly.
Oh, you've been, you haven't been to my place yet.
No, I haven't.
But I know when you dive in the ocean, you get all that water.
It's actually all of that works.
So I'm telling everybody here, do yourself a favor, do it twice a day, nasal spray and gargle.
The other advantage of using the xylitol products, which are clear and spry, they are anti-infective for cavities, prospective randomized trials, markedly improved dental health.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, I've got both.
So you prefer the clear product?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Now, Clear and Sprite, you get those on Amazon.
They're each about $10.
But yeah, I've tried them all.
I think when I get acutely sick, I move to more iodine-based products.
But I do something twice a day.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right, so clear twice a day has been a game changer for you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Game changer.
And it is for my patients, Steve.
I have thousands of patients.
I recommend it to them.
And I'm convinced it's a game changer.
We should have been doing this.
When a 15,000 patient trial is published in Lancet and it's positive, it does something just even on demand that tells you we've got plenty of data now, dozens of trials.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.
And the advantage is it tastes good too.
I mean, it's really, it's quite pleasant.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Well, these two taste the best, spry and clear.
So, okay.

[SPEAKER_06]
I've got both of them.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, there you go.
No more bad breath, Steve.
Now, here's the Bamforth trial I mentioned showing, you know, this is just doing twice a day.
This is a xylitol base.
This is during the heat of the pandemic.
Here is any symptoms at all.
There was a 60% reduction.
The odds ratio is 0.4.
Here's the positivity rate with a 72% risk reduction for zero positivity to COVID.
So clearly during COVID, it worked.
We shouldn't have been wasting our time with masks.
We should have been using nasal sprays and cargals.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, no kidding.

[SPEAKER_05]
Here's the great but wait, wait, wait, wait a second.

[SPEAKER_06]
So let me ask you a question.
The thing about masses doesn't protect your eyes.
You can get infected through your eyes.
So the question is, how's a nasal spray going to prevent you from being infected if the infection enters through your eyes?
Does it then go to the mucosal cavity and then breed from there?
Or how does that work?

[SPEAKER_05]
If you had a few particles hit the eyes, almost certainly they're in the nose.
And all you're doing is knocking down that total inoculum.
You're not killing every virus, but you're knocking down the inoculum enough where your body can fight it off.
In the Chowdhury trial of actually treating COVID, they actually used dilute iodine eye drops.
and pavadone iodine is safe.
But no, we don't usually use, you know, anti-infective eye drops.
And it's just, you know, this entry through the eyes was just a proxy really for the nose.
The nose allows the replication for days.
Okay.
Here's the great gamble piece, Steve.
I don't think you can find another public figure tried to who put it in writing before the vaccines came out that they were a gamble.
This is still on their website.
Myself and Scott Atlas were writing op-eds in the Hill in the first year by invitation.
I was at Baylor at the time.
Scott was at Stanford.
Scott was focused on masks and lockdowns and stuff.
When I went on the news, I said, listen, I think it's a waste of time.
I think the big, I was focusing on early treatment.
I did many on early treatment.
And then when the vaccines came up, I said, listen, this looks like a gamble.
So I don't even think RFK published anything like this.
So it's interesting.
People were in basically a trance.
Here's a good paper, Arcevito White House and Roxanna Bruno showing mechanistically what happens with the messenger RNA vaccines.
The audience is familiar of this uncontrolled production of spike protein expression on the self surface.
The spike protein itself has many poisonous intracellular effects.
There's never been a study showing the messenger RNA is eliminated from the body.
Never been a study so far showing the spike protein is eliminated.
So much more that we have to learn.
Perry and colleagues summarized, the spike protein and lipid nanoparticles are found everywhere in the body.
I think everyone now accepts this.
Here are the authors in the paper showing widespread distribution of spike.

[SPEAKER_06]
And then- So does that mean everybody, everyone who gets a COVID vaccine has widespread distribution of spike and can't get rid of it?
Or is it just sticking around in some people and not other people?

[SPEAKER_05]
We don't know, there are some hints like this paper, Steve, that it's somewhere around a quarter to a half, half the stuff sticking around and probably the other half don't.
So in this paper by Brogna, half of Pfizer and Moderna vaccinated people had the intact full length spike protein in a trimer, had it circulating for six months.
half, but half didn't.
Then they did mass spect, which is pretty, pretty sensitive.
So this partially explains this enigma of why some people are perfectly fine after the shots and why people are having blood clots and other.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wait a minute, what's the answer?
Clearly because some people are circulating the spike and other people aren't, but why are some people immune effectively and not circulating the spike and other people?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think it has to do with the concentration of messenger RNA in the vials.
And out of all the data, I'll show that in a minute.
I think some of these vials had little or no messenger RNA in them.
So it's the only thing I can conclude.
Here's the Yale study, 709 days, again, in about a third detectable using this prism essay.
But here are the two data on batches.
Now, of course, it's Sweden and Denmark, and it's different.
But there's probably a group of people, a third or so, where absolutely nothing happens at all.
There's a third where there are some adverse reactions.
And then this other last third, it's as low as 4% in Denmark, 48% in Sweden.
Obviously, truth somewhere in between, where there's just a lot of side effects.
I've looked at the Pfizer batches.
There's about 4,500 Pfizer batches.
About 25% report a death.
75% of batches, nobody's reported a death to any system.
So I think it's batch variability and obviously there'll be some predisposing factors that explains it.
Hyperconcentration of messenger RNA, remember their lipid nanoparticles, no quality assurance, no government inspections, no confirmation of how much messenger RNA.
Pfizer was supposed to have 30 micrograms of messenger RNA per milliliter, Moderna 100 micrograms.
None of this was ever confirmed by random inspections.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what's your what you're feeling for the mortality?
you know, they're like the rank court calls it the vaccine dose fatality rate.
Like what do you think the kill rate is for these vaccines?
If I were to ask you, what do you think the VDFR is, you know, basically the percentage?
So like rank courts at, you know, 0.126, I've seen other studies at 0.05, you know, and just for the audience, 0.05,
vaccine dose fatality rate, you multiply that time, 660 million doses in 21 and 22, you'll get 330,000 deaths from the vaccine due to the vaccine.
So, Peter, do you think that that's a .05 is about right, or do you think that's low?

[SPEAKER_05]
Maybe a little bit higher, but you're in the ballpark.

[SPEAKER_06]
So Rancourt at 0.125, which would translate into 700,000 or more deaths, is probably closer to the truth.
Or do you think it's probably more like half a million?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, half a million.
I'm talking about United States.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, United States.
OK, let's keep going.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I'm not going to cover the CDNA process related impurities for Pfizer, Moderna, or visible contaminants.
But by the way, the vials have been reported on all of these, preprint, peer reviewed literature, the Japanese regulatory data.
They returned.
millions of vials because of visible contaminants in the bottom.
There was clear demonstrations of magnetism early on.
Remember a spoon sticking to this?
That was because of magnetic metal shavings in the early processes.
And there were very small batches at the beginning and much larger batches later on.
I'd say another principle is I think the vaccines were far more dangerous early in the campaign compared to later.
For a couple reasons is that one,
the spike protein became less dangerous.
So once we got to Omicron spike proteins, I think those shots became less dangerous than the original.
Remember, through all of 2021, it was the original most virulent Wuhan spike protein in the pre-fusing confirmation.
So it was potentially deadly.
Okay.
It can't go through all these areas, but the literature is really solid on cardiovascular, neurologic, hematologic, and immunologic side effects caused by COVID-19 vaccines.
Thousands of papers.
The 50 emerging areas cancer, but.
In my mind, there's nothing controversial about the vaccines causing heart damage or myocarditis now.
Here's a VAERS report from a little earlier this year.
If you go to the open VAERS, always toggle over to the US data, because VAERS also, I think, includes Japan and Germany, but not the whole world.
So you'll get a number that's about double this, but you don't know what the denominator is.
At least U.S. and U.S. territories, you have an idea.
So I always do that.
19,252 deaths, I think we're maybe up to 19,400.
But if you hover over the histogram, you can see at this number, 1133 on the same day of injection, same day, 1266 on the day after.
on the day after, okay?
So we're working to...

[SPEAKER_06]
Safe and effective, huh?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I mean, the temporal relationship is very strong.
Now, I've reported probably hundreds of cases to VAERS and I go through this.
I do want to let you know that VAERS, probably about half of the entry is on the doctor or the nurse doing the entry.
So we are very much nailed in this VAERS system.
And if there's anything spurious or potentially fraudulent reporting, we can receive federal fines or imprisonment.
So I would never report a case to VAERS unless I was sure clinically that the vaccine caused the problem.

[SPEAKER_06]
Can you get in trouble if you report something to VAERS where you weren't sure that the vaccine caused the problem?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you could be accused of asperius or false reporting.
You're kind of putting this out there to amp up fear.
Yeah, I think most reports, Steve, I've read the vignettes.
I've pulled hundreds and hundreds of these.
The person reporting is convinced the vaccine caused it.
It's clinically determined.
Put it this way.
And there'd be nothing that the CDC could do to overturn it.
So VAERS implies causality by proxy of submission.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.
There are a lot of people who say, oh, there's that anyone can report to it.
It's junk.
We don't consider it.
The underreporting factor could be anything.
It's bad data.
We don't even consider it.
And what you're saying is completely the opposite.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, there's about 400 peer reviewed papers that depend on VAERS, 400 that have met peer review.
And in FDA testimony, I quote David Wiseman, who has it in the FDA testimony, you are probably at that session, Steve, a conservative under reporting factors 30.
for death due to COVID-19 vaccine.
So 30 times 19, 252 is around, I think we're about 560 here, or 540.

[SPEAKER_06]
So just to amplify that, there's actually an even better study that you see on this data.
and they estimated 45.
And they did that by saying, oh, well, if you look in the CMS data, anything that anybody who dies within two weeks of the vaccine should have been reported as suspicious, because that's what the rules say.
And so then they looked at the actual number of reports within two weeks and said, oh, wow, it's 45 times less.
So there's clearly

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, there'll be, you know, this, there was a paper years ago, I think on the HPV vaccine at 100, I've seen 25.
I went with 30 and that ended up putting that in a lot of my testimony.
When I was accused of spreading misinformation, it was able to stick by at 30, I ran confidence intervals at all the determinations.
And so we were well within range and under reporting factor of 30 is cohesive, actually.
across multiple studies.
Now, one point, I've been on data safety monitoring boards for the NIH and for the VA and for Big Pharma.
I can tell you, any death within 30 days of an experimental product from a data safety monitoring board perspective counts against that product.
It's never argued away.
Any death, any death counts within 30 days.
And people will say, well, how can that be?
What if they get in a car accident?
And we'd say, well, we don't know.
Maybe they had a seizure before they crashed their car, or they had a cardiac arrest before they crashed their car.
We don't know.
So we never dissect causality within 30 days.
From a day safety monitor perspective, anything with 30 days counts.
It's just boom.
It's just there.
Now, beyond 30 days, we probably need to adjudicate.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, so when you say counts, it doesn't mean that you mean that you have to investigate it to determine... No, no, it's just... it's not... you don't argue it away.
Really?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, we assume that the vaccine basically killed that person.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
So if we were reviewing a cardiovascular drug and we had a death within 30 days, we would not argue it away.
So if we ended up, if we are in a FDA meeting and there were 17 deaths for the cardiovascular drug and 15 deaths in placebo, it just would not get approved because all the deaths are assumed to be due to the product.

[SPEAKER_06]
So like the Pfizer trial, there are 20,000 in each cohort.
And if you're looking at it, they had 20 people who died over a six-month period, which means they recruited just super healthy people who are dying at
way lower than the rate that people would normally die.
But if you take 20 deaths over a period of six months, you're looking at three deaths a month, which means there were clearly three deaths within the 30-day window, yet the things sailed through FDA approval.
What's going on here?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Well, there's a citable paper by Michaels and colleagues
that shows that actually from the time of the data cutoff, which was mid November to the meeting on December 10th, additional deaths were accruing and actually a little bit more for Pfizer than placebo.
No one at Pfizer gave an update to the briefing booklet, which is standard.
None of them mentioned the additional deaths, and nobody on the panel asked if there were additional deaths since the mid-November data cutoff.
And I've been on these panels.
That's the first question I ask.
Do you have any more deaths to report since the time the data was assembled in the briefing booklet?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, very first question to ask.
But your statement about within 30 days that those deaths need to be associated with the vaccine, I mean, just from a probabilistic point of view, you've got 20,000 people, you'd expect to see
You know 20 you expect to see like three or four deaths or even more actually Within a 30-day window when you have a cohort that's that size so and that would essentially mean you'd have to doom any drug trial that was If they're equal with placebo if you've got 40,000 people and the deaths are five and five You know short-term study, you know, okay, so it's only when there's a disparity between the groups

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, a disparity within a group.
You wouldn't tolerate a couple extra deaths.
You just wouldn't.
And then on products where there's a known mechanism of death, Steve, I chaired a day safety monitoring board for a big pharmaceutical company for a anti-spasmodic drug for the esophagus.
But it was known to prolong the QT interval in the EKG.
I was told if there were two deaths with that product, no matter what happened,
you have to stop the trial, pull it.
And that's what happened.
I stopped the trial and the drug never made it forward.
That's how tight, there's no tolerance for death in experimental drugs.

[SPEAKER_06]
For the COVID vaccine, which is safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_05]
It violated every jurisprudence.
Multiple studies show autopsy confirmed fatality.
So we know the COVID-19 vaccines are the cause of death.
I see if I'm gonna have to go, because I don't wanna run out of time, because I gotta get to the important points.
Two big papers by Mead, part one and part two, I think we had 600 references, observed harms outweigh the benefits.
So if you want two papers to show anybody, the authorities down in Brazil just asked me, where's the compilation of data?
I just gave them the two Mead papers, okay.
This is the World Council for Health.
They get a lot of credit, June 1st, 2022.
They looked at the beyond VAERS.
They looked at all the other systems worldwide and said to recall the vaccines.
The safety data were way over the line.
Association of American Physician Insurgents.
This is in 2023, 10 reasons, pull it off the market.
You don't have to look at individuals like me or Steve.
I was saying this great concern in March of 2021, but these organizations came in shortly after this and there are now
multiple, multiple sources of data.
We published this paper from McCullough Foundation, a dozen studies showing excess mortality.
Here are all the organizations calling for the vaccines to be pulled off the market.
Where's Vaccine Safety Research Foundation?
Steve, how did we miss you?
Have you guys officially called for these to be pulled off the market?

[SPEAKER_00]
Yes, we have.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
I got to get after Nick.
It works for the foundation.
Okay.
Let's get into spike detoxification.
Long COVID syndrome essentially emulates post vaccine injury in terms of these general symptoms in these
organ systems.
And there are now thousands and thousands of papers on this, so I want to get to a practical solution.
When measured, the spike protein is the cause of long COVID syndrome.
Everything else, inflammation,
cytokines, that's all secondary to the spike protein.
So there's a lot of papers that say, aha, it's interleukin-6.
Well, say they didn't measure the spike protein.
So they're just, they're kind of reporting something that's secondary.
I quote this paper a lot, DxNurren colleagues, Germany, 48,000 Germans,
70% had been vaccinated at the time of their infection, 50% had vaccinated three times.
Essentially, the talking point here is that about 70% of long COVID is due to the vaccine.
Conversely, the risk of long COVID, let's say if you have Omicron,
And never taking the vaccine, you can see the risk here is about one to 2%.
So you're just not gonna get long COVID if you haven't taken the vaccine, had a later version.
David Shymish is theorized in this paper that about 70% of the spike is attached to red blood cells.
That's kind of the reason why it kind of is being carried out.
That's the reason why the red blood cells clump together in what's called RULO formation.
Here's a gruesome case reported in Texas.
I met the wife of this man.
He took the shot 555 days earlier and dies of a pulmonary hemorrhage in his living room in front of his kids.
CPR, they try to reverse the bleeding.
His lungs should be nice and light pink.
They're filled with blood, Steve.
This was horrible.
They couldn't get the blood stain out of the carpet.
And this case just made the point that you can die after the vaccine well after a year.
You can be fine for about a year and then suddenly, explosively, have a disaster.
This one is going to court, by the way.
The wife is suing the company.
who substantially encouraged, not mandated, but just encouraged the vaccine.
This is our risk stratification paper.
We think this applies to basically everybody who took the shot.
This has now been published in the peer-reviewed PubMed literature, myself and Nick Hulsher.
So the vaccine, messenger RNA, and the spike protein do get into the human heart.
That's been shown.
Not all the antibodies neutralize the spike protein.
That's been shown by Yonkers.
So some people have unabated circulatory spike protein.
There's micro inflammation in the heart.
And that's enough with a surge of adrenaline to trigger a cardiac arrest between 3 a.m. and 6 a.m. and then during exercise.
And these little micro areas now, these micro areas of scar recently reported in JCC will never be seen on an MRI.
That's the reason why lots of people have normal MRIs and they can end up having a cardiac arrest.
Probably Damar Hamlin is one of them.
A paper by Jessica Rose.
You can see how myocarditis just absolutely skyrocketed here.
And the analysis with nearly 3,000 cases, 2.9% risk of death.
These are young people in their 30s.
It's very hard to kill a 30-year-old who's previously healthy.
So 2.9% risk of death is astronomical for a complication.
So when you're told myocarditis is rare and that it's mild, that's a complete misrepresentation of it.
The very first case,
of COVID vaccine myocarditis death was reported by Verma and colleagues New England Journal of Medicine August of 2021.
So we are now holding infectious disease doctors who are experts for the pro-vaccine side of these cases.
We're holding that to that standard.
Did you know about this case?
You knew or you should have known about a fatal case of vaccine myocarditis.
Proven.
New England Journal of Medicine.
This is not an obscure journal.
And those doctors are being roasted.
Data from Nick Hulsher, Seattle, 2 million people heavily vaccinated, 95% vaccinated.
Cardiac arrests start to go up with the vaccine campaign.
There's no doubt about it.
And people have said, well, they looked at smaller samples and see no rise in cardiac arrest.
Our point of this paper is you need a population of about 2 million to see the signal.
So there's a paper recently in JAMA said, oh, we looked at 300 people, no increase in risk of sudden death.
Well, 300 is not big enough.
You need about 2 million.
So this is what I do in my practice.
I assess how many times I've had COVID, what genre, how many doses and brands the vaccine.
And if they are asymptomatic, they've had minimal exposure, unvaccinated, no reactions,
I don't think anything needs to be done.
This is a majority of people down the left.
People who have taken the shots and something has happened and they don't feel well or had COVID, we check the antibodies against the spike protein.
Less than 1,000 units per ML is considered a low exposure.
Anything more than 1,000 is a high exposure.
And then I go into a cardiac evaluation with blood tests, EKG, physical exam.
Some patients get triage to MRI and cardiology.
consultation for a defibrillator or a pacemaker.
That's pretty rare.
I'll tell you, parenthetically, so far, every case I've known that's gotten a defibrillator or a pacemaker, once they start detoxification with another drug called culturacine, they've never needed the defibrillator or the pacemaker.
And I had a dentist yesterday in my clinic and he's got the pacemaker in and he hasn't needed it.
Joe Rogan knows several vaccinators who got pacemakers.
I bet they're not relying on the pacemaker.
So the good news is I think this myocarditis is probably treatable based on the proponence of data.
Here's the key test right now in the United States is an antibody against the spike protein.
It's an indirect proxy for how much spike protein is there.
It's the Roche-Alexis assay offered through LabCorp.
extended range.
There are some labs starting to measure spike protein itself.
But they're not fully operational.
The one that's recruiting samples right now is called InModia from Germany.
So I've had some patients go over there.
Right now, this is widely available.
I had COVID three times myself, Steve.
My ears are ringing.
Didn't take the shots.
I was 2,300 on this.
My co-author, John Leake, he had COVID once.
No side effects whatsoever.
He was 800 on this.
He's fine.
I got a vaccinated person.
There'll be 25,000, 18,000.
This guy needed a pacemaker.
He was at over 25,000.
As a proxy for, obviously an antibody is an immune measure, but it's a proxy for this continued spike protein stimulation, stimulation of the immune system.

[SPEAKER_06]
So that would be the test to get if you wanted to make an assessment as to where you are.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, risk stratification.
Get it in the United States.
It's affordable.
And I think if everybody starts pushing their doctors on this, this is going to really open up the thinking.
If you go to Mayo Clinic right now with long COVID, they don't measure this.
They've never thought about the spike protein.
Same thing with Cornell, Stanford.
They don't even measure anything related to the spike protein.
So this is a big eye-opener.
It's a revealing test.
There's the test number and CPT number.
I think everybody listening ought to demand this to know.
I've seen too many people, Steve, who take the shots in 2021, blood clot in 2025.
And it's like, wow, they just didn't know they were loaded with spike protein.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
Now, four years later, because you think you'd be out of the woods, you'd either.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, no.
Unless you start doing something to help the body get rid of spike protein, it's piling up in the body, continue to pile up.
And it probably passes a tissue threshold.

[SPEAKER_06]
So is there a way to assess your level of it piling up?

[SPEAKER_05]
Because that test is an antibody test, not a... That's the reason why this InModia assay from Germany is attractive.
The Spear assay from Yale is coming along.
Albany Medical has a radioimmuno assay.
We've been talking to multiple labs.
No one can actually get a spike assay across the finish line.
So, right now, the center that's actually advertising, send your samples, is inModiA, I-N-M-O-D-I-A, in Germany.

[SPEAKER_06]
Wow, so you have to send your blood to Germany to get analyzed?

[SPEAKER_05]
Right now to get spike mass, yes.
Not the antibody, actually get the spike number.

[SPEAKER_06]
And what does that cost?

[SPEAKER_05]
Don't know.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
They literally just popped on the scene last month.
Okay, how do we get rid of spike protein?
We've been searching for this.
Let me tell you, as a doctor, I've seen an examine directly, not telemedicine.
Some of these other groups just use telemedicine.
I see an examine patients directly now for five years with this, five years.
I've tried every drug under the sun.
I wish I could tell you that, you know, naltrexone melts this away or something else.
It doesn't, I've tried them all.
What we've learned over time, we need to dissolve the spike protein.
The spike protein is made by design not to be broken down by human proteases.
And the engineering of this was a very, you know, we break down Staphylococcal toxin and tetanus toxoid.
We break down influenza, neuraminase, and hemagglutinase.
You cannot break down spike protein.
That's the problem.
Natokinase, which is derived from the fermentation of soy and from chickpeas, by the way, is an enzyme.
It's a natural enzyme.
And Tanakawa was experimenting early on the pandemic, and he showed considerable dissolution of spike protein with Natokinase given in cell lysate and intact cell models.
Now, Tanakawa has done the right thing because people have said, listen, if you take a capsule of this or even eat some Japanese natto for breakfast, does any get in your bloodstream?
Well, the answer is yes.
So you can see that he developed a monoclonal antibody that can actually detect the natto kinase in the bloodstream.
So as you start to crank up the natto kinase in the system, you can actually measure it in the bloodstream.
There are no randomized trials of natokinase in this application.
The preclinical data looks strong, and there's prospective comparative studies of natokinase as an anti-ethersquatic agent for carotid ethosclerosis.
What we know about nato is probably the minimally effective dose would be 50 milligrams or 1,000 fibrillinic units per ml.
The safety limit is probably 80,000 units of NATO.
Out of the box now, we're using 8,000 a day, and then in patients sick are 16,000 units a day.
Jordan Vaughn, who's running the biggest blood clot center for vaccinated in Birmingham in the country, he's using 16,000 out of the box.
So we've gone to much higher doses of NATO.
Bromelin is dried from pineapple.
So a cup of pineapple would be about 40 milligrams of bromelin.
So you really got to
hyper-concentrate this family of enzymes from the whole pineapple.
Bromelin almost certainly has anti-clotting and fibrillinic activity.
It actually prolongs the prothrombin time.
And in preclinical studies, it does inhibit SARS-CoV-2 infection by dissolution of the spike protein and damaging it enough so it can attach to the receptors.
bromelain, by the way, is a drug as a topical used in burns.
It's called nexobrid.
So we know it's medicinal.
Bromelain in this application is taken orally as a capsule supplement, but this is used to debride deep tissue wounds.
So it's anti-infective and proteolytic.
So natoconies and bromelain
Our two supplements were pretty certain they have medicinal properties.
Curcumin is the third one derived from turmeric.
And their multiple studies show curcumin is anti-spike, at least binding to the spike, anti-inflammatory.
This meta-analysis of 13 randomized trials, curcumin actually had some reduction in severity of illness of SARS-CoV-2.
So curcumin went all the way through clinical trials.
And several years ago, we were searching.
We were confronted with patients not knowing what to do.
The prescription drugs looked like they weren't panning out.
And so the idea here was look for products with a signal of benefit, acceptable safety, and put them in combination.
Same thing we did with McCulloch treatment protocol.
So we published this paper.
demonstrating mechanistically why we would do this, why would we combine with all three products to begin to work on dissolving and inhibiting this spike protein in individuals.
And we published this, one of the most widely cited papers now, I think in peer-reviewed literature.
And there are the doses.
These were the starting doses.
We've moved well beyond this now.
Our initial thought was if the blood test showed autoimmunity with ANA, we would use hydroxychoricum, we still do.
If there was pleuridinia or any chest symptoms, we would use culturicine, thinking it was subclinical myopericarditis.
We still largely do that today.
This is the combination product now from the wellness company, Ultimate Spike Detox.
Two capsules twice a day would deliver 8,000 units of NATO.
Four capsules twice a day would be 16,000 units.
There are multiple products like this on the market.
You can go to Amazon and buy them individually.
You can buy them in combination.
The safety caveats are bleeding.
That is easy bruising, nasal bleeds, bleeding around the gums, people who are on blood thinners.
It's a safety caveat.
I had one serious case of bleeding in my practice so far, and it was a
patient who had underlying liver disease.
He was admitted to the hospital for bleeding, didn't require transfusion, but we have to respect the bleeding tendency in this.
And then the other one was previously soy allergy, soy, because it could be trace amounts of soy from the production of the nanoconies.
Now we've moved to chickpeas as the source, so there won't be any soy allergy in ultimate spike detox.
Spike support is a lower dose with no bromelain or curcumin.
This is a product that if people can't tolerate curcumin or any of the other.
substances, spike support is, you know, unreasonable for general well-being.
Ultima spike detox is more clinical grade.
And we have spike support gummies, which are safe for pregnant women and then for little children.
And that relies on bromelain and papain, and no natto kinase in the gummies.
I interviewed Dr. Sharis Sawa recently who did a single case study, very well done, where he had a man with brain fog who took four Pfizer vaccines, had blood clots in his bilateral carotid arteries in the bulb by virtual angioscopy, and
He actually gave him a blend of about 12 different enzymes, including natoconins in bromine, but a lot more.
And then demonstrated over several months, the arteries completely cleared of the blood clots.
His combination enzymes, and he gave 81 of aspirin a day, and his brain fog cleared.
So I was interested in this, like any innovation in medicine, everything starts with a single case.
And this is what was in his product, natto kinase, lumbar kinase, seropeptase, fungal proteases, bromelain, papain.
And you can read the other ingredients here.
So he really just blasted them with enzymes.
And I do think enzymatically the spike protein is going to have to be managed.
You know, ivermectin doesn't enzymatically handle the spike protein.
Neither does naltrexone.
Neither does, you know, CoQ10 or vitamin C, whatever.
I think it's going to have to be dissolved.
The Biden administration, the long COVID national research program, it's a billion dollars spent in long COVID research.
No mention of the word spike, no measurement of spike protein, nothing.
It was completely off base.
So it was a billion dollars spent, no protocol.
Mayo has no protocol on how to handle any of this, neither does Harvard.
All these sites that got the research.
Wellness company, we've got other products.

[SPEAKER_06]
Your tax dollars at work.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
While this company, we just took matters into our own hands, and we recognize people are going to do all different things.
But what we've done in four products is tried to pack in the best value for each product.
So with Ultimate Spike Detox, all the components here, you will find literature supporting in SARS-CoV-2 infection along COVID.
The same thing in Mind Lift.
for brain fog.
There's supportive data from everything on here.
In here is lithium oratate, and there was a trial of lithium carbonate in New England Journal of Medicine at 15 milligrams a day.
The overall report was negative, but it was neutral, but it was trending in the positive direction.
But there are positive data on GABA and ashwagwanda in long COVID.
Elevated energy.
There are positive data with L-carnitine, ginger root, citicoline, green tea extract, and PQQ.
We can actually find the citations for this.
There's a prospective comparative study with ginger root.
And then for healthy heart,
which is kind of general heart protection.
That's giving selenium in a cardiovascular dose.
There are data with beetroot extract tested in a randomized trial, grapefruit seed extract, microcirculation.
So all of these actually have a theoretical role.
And in total, if you count up,
These products, and some people, I've tried to advocate that people can self-manage this.
You don't need doctors.
You don't need, I think you can self-manage most of this.
In these four products, there's a total of 27 different ingredients.
27 different ingredients.
The only overlap is selenium in two of them.
If you look at the World Council for Health, and they have a paper on long COVID, they list about 27 things.
And the FLCC, they list about 27 things.
They give a laundry list of things.
The Wellness Company is the only company that's kind of put them together in reasonable combinations.
And so I think this is, you know, with your doctor's consent and
It's reasonable that this is the root cause.
Virtually everybody in my personal view should be on a spike detoxification, but some people really affected with brain fog ought to consider this, elevated energy for this post-exertional malaise, and then healthy heart, I think anybody with subclinical myopericarditis, clearly heart failure, other problems.
So what else do I do in practice?
Intensified detoxification, there are data emerging with n-acetylcystine.
I have one paper in press and particularly augmented n-acetylcystine.
Loss of mental clarity, nicotine patch, one study from Switzerland, lots of clinical experience to this.
Remember, non-smokers would be seven milligrams a day, typically do that for 90 days.
Recurrent SARS-CoV-2 infection, ivermectin, I use plenty of it, 0.6 milligrams a day for 30 to 90 days.
Now, how do you know is recurrent infection?
I think any of the craniofacial syndromes, headaches, lancinating pain, skin rashes, persistent pulmonary symptoms, ground glass appearance on CT or X-ray, and then night sweats.
Night sweats, usually a trigger for me to give it a pair of trial of ivermectin.
I don't think Ivermectin works universally for long COVID.
I don't advise people taking it twice a week.
Never had any rationale there.
And they shouldn't be taking it forever and ever.
I think a good 30 to 90 days and boom.
If there's a POTS or dizziness, chest discomfort,
Colchicine and natal oil.
I use a lot of Colchicine.
Dozens and dozens of studies show Colchicine reduced mortality in acute MI.
And there's even studies showing that Colchicine upon re-challenge with a vaccine can block myocarditis.
So this is a very, very important drug.
Autoimmune syndromes, hydroxychloroquine, myopericarditis again, Colchicine, prednisone if caught early.
And then rapamycin.
I'll show you one.
rapamycin is a blocker of cell proliferation.
Hyperbaric oxygen universally is positive, hot sauna perspiration also positive.
Here's our paper with rapamycin, a young man, recurrent myopericarditis, culturizing in detox.
Even though his spike antibodies went from 1,200 to about 2,000, what really solved it for him was rapamycin, one milligram a day.
But he was
Recurrent hospitalizations.
She actually had transient heart failure.
We documented in this paper.
So to finish and conclude, both SARS-CoV-2 infection and the vaccine contribute to spike protein accumulation in the body.
Spike protein is pathogenic, thrombogenic.
It's a therapeutic target, in my view.
spike protein detoxification is a proposal.
And we need large prospective randomized trials for sure.
Natoconins, bromelain, curcumin.
There may be more enzymes based on Shirasawa's observation.
Additional therapeutics are added depending on the post-acute sequelae.
But this doesn't look like it's a problem that's directly amenable to a single prescription drug.
I think it'd be ridiculous to say, well, take low-nose deltrexone.
That's the answer.
Or take pex-lovid.
That's the answer.
or take ivermectin as the answer, it's not the case.
The supplements, I think FLCC and World Council for Health and Wellness Company are kind of correct.
I think it's gonna be about two to three dozen different supplements.
It's a matter of how to package them to get the desirable effect.
So I'll stop here and open it up for questions or comments.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great, thank you very much.
Livia, do we have any audience questions?
Yes, we do.

[SPEAKER_00]
And Dr. McCulloch, that was a fantastic presentation.
I just loved it, a lot, just watching that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I'll send you the slides.
Please feel free to share them or reproduce them.
It's perfectly fine.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great.
And how much time do we have?

[SPEAKER_00]
How much time do you have, Peter?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, it's 7.31.
Sun is setting.
How long do you guys normally go?
This is a long seminar.

[SPEAKER_00]
It is.
I'll ask just a couple of questions.
I want to follow up with you.
You brushed over cancer a little bit.
And Dr. Patrick Soonshaw claimed on Tucker Carlson, we played a little clip last week, that the spike protein can replicate in the colon in both vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals.
Does this mean the spike protein from the virus can also spread throughout the body via ACE2 receptor sites?

[SPEAKER_05]
A couple observations.
One, let's just take the infection.
There was a report published in the GI Journal in children who had undergone endoscopy for other reasons, but they found the virus in intestinal secretions five months after the infection.
So it's in the GI tract, for sure, and Sabine Hazen is
A lot of inferential work that the infection, probably the spike protein is disturbing the microbiome.
Remember, we're always swallowing mucus from our nose and our mouth, about a cup and a half a day.
And that may be where it's coming from.
But the GI report in pediatrics made me think the virus is hanging around a lot longer than what we thought.
And then the Churchill paper, which is the NIH autopsy paper of people who died after COVID, the virus was alive in the body even nine to 12 months after infection.
So putting all this together, the virus itself may be replicated.
And that may be the reason why some people do seemingly respond to ivermectin.
I end up treating probably about
25% to a third with ivermectin.
That may be the reason why Corey and others get this belief that ivermectin is doing something chronically.
The other observation is that Kevin McKernan at the Unleashed in Science Supposing presented, he found the message RNA and the DNA fragments right in a colon cancer.
It was right in a colon cancer, so with the spike protein.
So he kind of nailed that down
The spike protein may be oncogenic because it impairs the P53 and BRCA tumor surveillance systems.
The messenger RNA and the DNA fragments may be directly cancer promoting.
I think that's where we are not.
I think it's all hovering around the fact that the vaccines
that could either promote or cause cancer.
But if you think about this, 40% of the population dies of heart disease.
For sure the vaccines cause heart disease, for sure.
And 40% of the population before COVID died of cancer.
can imagine if the vaccines promote cancer.
Now we've got 20% die of other causes like blood clots or immune problems or autoimmune problems.
That means if this is all going to bear out that the COVID vaccines accelerate or amplify all the common causes of death.
That may be why it will be hard to show a signal because all forms of death are accelerated.

[SPEAKER_06]
That's right.
Yeah, I mean, I've looked in the underlying cause of death and the multiple causes of death, the CDC databases and looking for something that's, you know, flat line and then goes, boom.
And you just can't find it.
I mean, I've been through it and you just can't find it.
And what's really odd is that all cause mortality is up at least 10% due to these shots.
And yet you can't find
You'd expect to see lots of things that are up by 12% or 15%, and it's really pretty tough to see that.

[SPEAKER_05]
I have the same experience.
We've recently looked at the American Heart Association Heart and Stroke Facts Statistical Supplement.
That's another resource you can look at.
I thought for sure you'd, I see something, sudden death, it's gotta reckon, you can't find it.
I think it's just because of this same observation.
It diffusely elevates death from all causes.
Another important point about cancer, just so people can be level set on this, from the time there's a solid organ cancer, let's say kidney cancer or lung cancer, et cetera, to the time it's clinically recognized, on average is five years.
five years.
So when someone takes the shots and they said the next month kidney cancer was detected, almost certainly they had kidney cancer at the time they took the shots.
almost certainly.
I was a part of a writing team from Greece and we reported a man who developed a fatal cancer in his head and neck.
He took the shots and within a week he got inflamed and this thing just invaded his head and killed him.
It was awful.
And when we had concluded, he probably had the cancer there.
He had nascent cancer and then taking the vaccine accelerated that.
And that's in the peer-reviewed literature.

[SPEAKER_00]
Five years.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, probably five years.
So when you hear these short term stories, probably the cancer is there and mechanistically either the vaccine is accelerating it or it's just impairing the tumor surveillance.
And so it's expressed.
So.
I mean, I'm suspicious.
My former officemate at Baylor, Dr. William Roberts, wonderful man, perfectly healthy, 88-year-old man.
He took four shots.
Didn't ask me my opinion.
He developed kidney cancer, and he was dead in a month.
So it must have been brewing there for a long time.
And then the shots, the theory is that's what really made it so rapidly lethal.
The term is turbo cancer.
I think it's one of the best terms that's come out of the pandemic.

[SPEAKER_00]
What about a friend who was contacting me today, and I asked him if he was still taking the mRNA Jabs, and he said he's taken all of them, healthy and fine.
What do you say about these people who are fully up to date and seemingly okay?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, it's an enigma.
My neighbor next door, we could go say hi to him.
He's taken all of them too.
You know, maybe people do have RNA disposal mechanisms where they can get rid of it and they're perfectly fine.
And maybe it's all selection.
I mean, I see people sick after these vaccines or spike antibodies are high.
Maybe, you know, maybe it's just all selection bias.
We clearly need prospective cohort studies of vaccinated and unvaccinated.
It's the only way we're going to be able to
to figure this out.
Among the vaccinated, we should study who's getting sick and who isn't and why.
Because we ultimately need a remedy.
And right now, McCulloch Protocol based bike protein detoxification, it's the only published remedy that's kind of multi-agent that has any organization between
nutraceuticals and prescription drugs.
And it's widely deployed.
And let me tell you, I do get commentary on social media every day.
And I'm watching thousands of patients slowly improve, takes probably about a year.
They slowly improve, spike antibodies come down with rare exception.
And then the feedback I got online is universally positive.
Thank you, I'm finally better, I'm finally better.
And you know what, if it didn't work and people were spending their money on this, I'm sure I'd be getting
absolutely lambasted in all these comments.
People do not hold back.

[SPEAKER_00]
Along the lines of the Ultimate Spike Detox question from Lisa Abend, how long to take the Ultimate Spike Detox for it to be effective long term?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'd say at least a year.
You know, our initial guidance was three months.
We thought that was going to be it.
And we said, no, that people are not getting better.
The antibodies aren't coming down at least 12 months.
And at that point in time reassess.
And if well tolerated, you may want to continue it indefinitely.
Personally, I'm at a year.
I had ringing in the ears.
That's about 80% improved.
It's not gone, but it's markedly improved.
I feel much better.
Now, incidentally, I have atherosclerosis.
I have some blockages of arteries, and so I'm going to stick with it because of the favorable data with natokinies with atherosclerosis.
It lowers blood pressure a little bit, lowers blood sugar a little bit.
It has a very favorable profile.
So I say at least a year and then reassess.
One thing that has to be on an empty stomach.
It is useless to take this with food.
Useless.
I mean empty stomach.
I mean empty stomach.
So what I do is sometimes I get up at night to pee.
3 a.m.
I'll take four capsules.
I'll get up again to start my day.
I'll take another four capsules.
I pretty much get mine late at night or early in the morning because my stomach is empty.
When I mean empty, I mean at least three hours empty or 30 minutes before the next meal.
So my wife has dinner for me right now, so I'm not going to take any right now because I'm going to go right into dinner.
Don't take it with food.
It doesn't work number one and some people get this hyper digestion of food and they'll actually get diarrhea.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I tend to take mine first thing in the morning before I and then not eat for a bit.
One last question.
I have a lot.
Sorry, everyone, but we've run long from Patty Carter.
If a person has not had the COVID shot, but was around people who did have the shot, if the vaccinated people shed on the unvaccinated person, can the unvaccinated person get those white rubbery clots?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, there have been reports of that.
I think shedding is real.
There's been enough papers.
Helene Benune is probably most citable on this.
I think the answer is yes.
Now, my experience is people with blood clots.
Let me just say blood clots during the pandemic.
COVID, the vaccine, or both, or shedding.
At least half have a genetic predisposition, half.
So there's a battery of blood tests that can be done.
I additionally do a genetic swab from a company called Invite, I-N-V-I-T-A-E, a thrombophilia panel.
I find at least half a genetic predisposition, so it explains it.
But my personal experience is the blood clots are equally occurring after COVID infection alone.
and after the vaccine alone, and it's really high risk in both.
And it's a prolonged, today I saw a patient with blood clots.
So it's still happening.
So.

[SPEAKER_00]
Well, Dr. McCullough, thank you for your generosity.
And as always, the incredibly useful information and insight that you share with us in our audience.

[SPEAKER_05]
Thank you.
Thanks for having me, Steve.
Great to see you.

[SPEAKER_00]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hope everybody's getting better out there.
Keep up the great work.

[SPEAKER_00]
You too.
Thank you, Dr. McCullough.
Steve.
Thank you.
Everyone else, hang in there a little bit.
That was a great conversation, a great presentation, Steve.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, no, definitely learned a lot.
I've been using clear every day, but after this conversation, it's a simple change that can make a whole lot of difference.

[SPEAKER_00]
I'm going to add that to my repertoire.
Before we let everyone go couple of announcements.
We are a 501 C3 and a nonprofit organization and everything we do from hosting this weekly webinars to producing vital education content to providing a platform for truth relies entirely on your generous support.
So if you feel compelled and you believe that in this fight, we ask you to stand with us every donation, no matter the size, it fuels this movement and keeps the truth alive.
Visit backsafety.org backslash donate or text VSRF to 53-555 to contribute.
Together we can make a meaningful impact
Another announcement I want to make is this weekend, as Dr. Peter McCullough announced at the beginning, is going to be a speaker at the Autism Health Summit Conference 2025, which starts tomorrow, April 11th, and goes through the 13th at the Town and Country Resort in San Diego.
If you can't make it in person, they are streaming the event.
There is an affordable virtual ticket option available.
Janet will put a link in the chat.
And if you are able to make it live,
BSRF will be there, and Nurse Angela, Lisa Leahy, and Amanda Damian will be at our booth.
So make sure to stop by.
We highly encourage you to get your ticket and join us for this incredible opportunity to hear from amazing doctors such as Dr. Peter McCullough and Dr. Sabine Hazan.
among many others.
I think it's actually Hazen.
I keep saying Hazen, but it's Hazen.
So go say hello if you are in the vicinity.
And then next week, be sure to join us.
We will be
Hosting an episode with the incredible panel of guests, including Dr. Kat Lindley, Dr. Andrea Nazarenko, Leslie Manukian, Sarah McLendon, and Misty Carfelt will be here to discuss their inspiring medical freedom wins.
And I'm going to be playing a video from their announcement about their win in Idaho when we sign off this evening.
So, Steve, you'll be back next week for that show.
And I'll be here, and I hope to see all of you there.
And before I leave you tonight, we're going to show a video of this Idaho that made history as the first state in the nation to enshrine sweeping protections for personal medical autonomy into law with the passage of the Idaho Medical Freedom Act.
The state has taken a bold stand to ensure that no Idahoan
will ever again be compelled to undergo unwanted medical interventions as a condition of employment, education, or daily life.
So awesome.
It's so awesome.
And we're going to show it.
Pass it everywhere.
It should pass it in Congress.
Well, I'm hoping it goes across many states, let alone just keep spreading.
And I'm going to wrap up tonight with a little clip of next week's guests, Leslie Manukian, Sarah Clinton, and Misty Carfeldt, discussing their amazing story.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
Stay safe, stay healthy, and we'll see you next Thursday.
on VSRF live.
Steve, have a great evening, and we'll see you all next week as I call up the closing video.
Here it is.
All right.
Have a good night, everyone.
Thank you for being here.
All right.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hello, my health freedom-living friends.
I'm here with Idaho's Dream Team.
Oh my gosh, Leslie and Sarah.
We did it.

[SPEAKER_03]
We did it, everybody.
We passed the first true health, freedom, medical freedom bill in the nation.
It's literally landmark.
It is changing everything.
It is more than what we started with.
It is better than what we started with, friends.
Oh my gosh.

[UNKNOWN]
He signed it.

[SPEAKER_01]
He signed it.
He signed it.
It's like just hitting me right now, I think.
I know.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh my God.
Everybody, this is literally the most, we have been working for this.
I mean, the three of us have been working together for this for 10 years.
And I've been working on this for 20 years, but here in Idaho, we have been working on this for 10 years.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
Everything we can to educate our legislators and help them understand why it is so important and why they want to do this.
And I mean, to be honest, COVID was like the greatest gift in that respect because it woke so many of them up, so many of these legislators.
And I just personally want to just say, thank you to Rob Beiswanger first of all, because that man, it's his first term in the Idaho legislature.
And he, you cannot imagine,
how calm he was and how cool and how steadfast and just how wonderful.
But then also the leadership in the house, they were amazing.

[SPEAKER_02]
They really were.

[SPEAKER_03]
Josh Tanner, who was the assistant majority leader, you guys, he literally, he told us, just hang in there, we can do anything.
What do you want?
That's what he said to me on the phone this morning at 6.30.
What do you want?
Are you happy with the bill?
And we weren't happy with the bill yet.
We were not happy.
So we changed it.
We asked for certain additions, and we gave the governor what he wanted, so we asked for what we wanted.
And you know what, if it wasn't for the Speaker of the House Mike Moyle and Josh Tanner, and I believe Monks as well, who is the majority leader, this would have happened.
Those guys and many others
Oh my gosh, Brent Crane and Jaren Crane.
And I've been missing people and I don't want you guys to tell people other.
But anyway, these guys, they stood with us until the bitter end in order to make sure it happened.
And now we have literally passed landmark groundbreaking legislation in the state of Idaho protecting the rights of every Idahoan almost to direct their own medical care.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's unbelievable.
It's amazing.
It's like...
I'm just so like, I'm at a loss for words because it's just so like, it is literally the culmination of years and years and years of work and research and like building an army and like helping the people understand so that they could come up behind us and just give all that pressure.
That pressure was unbelievably amazing.
Like that made all the difference.
We would never be here doing this video right now if it was not for all the phone calls, all the emails.
And I have to also like talk about everybody who has been in this battle, like in the trenches with us.
Last night we were on the phone for six hours straight.
I mean, Ron Nate, Maria Nate, Parrish, Brian Festa, We the Patriots.
I mean, there's a whole list of all these organizations, like all the freedom people.
This was, this is what can happen when all the teams come together and we all push for freedom.
And it is the most amazing version of the bill.
It's even better than what we started with.
It's unbelievable.
It's amazing.

[SPEAKER_04]
We were so exhausted yesterday, like so exhausted and worn out.
And I feel like this morning, Josh Tanner, Representative Tanner, just like scooped us up, like took it across the finish line, you know what I mean?
Totally, 100%.
I will go ahead and put the fresh air that we needed, like just to get us across the finish line.
And then here's the thing, you guys, is that God gave us a bonus gift.
with this bill because we've had this bill, right?
And we've worked so hard to keep it true and good and really protect all Idahoans and give everybody medical freedom.
And now I just think God blessed our good faith efforts and gave us a bonus where kids cannot be removed from school if they're healthy.
Healthy children cannot be removed from school or daycare in Idaho with this passage, you guys.

[SPEAKER_03]
Just because they're unvaccinated to be clear.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, right.
Now healthy kids cannot be excluded because of an outbreak, quote unquote, outbreak.
Like that was never in the original bill and now it's there and it's signed.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's huge, you guys.
