[SPEAKER_06]
When you cast your eyes upon the skylines of this once proud nation Can you sense the fear and the hatred growing in the hearts of its population?
Thou youth, O youth, are being seduced by the greedy hands of politics
Generation, the beaten generation Rude on a diet of prejudice and misinformation The beaten generation, the beaten generation Open your eyes, open your imagination
We're being sedated by the gasoline fumes and hypnotized by the satellites into believing what is good and what is right You may be worshipping the temples of man or lost in the prisons of religion but can you still walk back to happiness when you've nowhere left to run?
The beating generation
The beat's in generation Reared on a dime A prejudice and misinformation The beat's in generation The beat's in generation Open your eyes Open your imagination
They send in the special police To deliver us from liberty And keep us from peace They want the words that ill upon their tongues And they tell us justice is being done They feed them leaves and the barrels Of a warm, warm gun The beating generation
The greed on a diet, a strategic dissonance information The beats in generation, the beats in generation Open your eyes, open your imagination

[SPEAKER_04]
tonight on BSRF Live.
Steve Kirsch is joined by outspoken medical freedom fighter and global investment expert, Catherine Austin Fitz.

[SPEAKER_02]
Whether it's divide in tactic or invisible enemies, these are all ways to institute fear and get people to go along with things.
And of course, the invisible virus allows you to do enormous control mechanisms.
You can stop people from gathering.
You can stop people from organizing.
You can stop people from getting together.
and talking about what's going on, et cetera, et cetera.
And if you digitize it with contract tracing, then you can control who's talking to whom.
If you can get them to do all their work and education online, you can literally listen to everything they're saying.
So you can institute extraordinary amounts of surveillance all in the theory that we're protecting you from the invisible virus.
It's very clever.
And as you can see, it's working with many people, not everybody, but many people.

[SPEAKER_04]
Welcome to VSRF live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
And tonight we have an incredible episode lined up for you.
Our guest needs no introduction.
She's a financial expert, a former assistant secretary of housing and federal housing commissioner.
and the president of Solari Inc. She's been a leading voice in exposing corruption, pushing for financial transparency, and helping people navigate the increasingly complex global economy.
Catherine Austin Fitz sat down with Steve earlier this week for an eye-opening discussion, and tonight, we're bringing you that conversation in full.
We'll cover everything from the financial warfare playing out on a global scale to what you can do to help protect yourself in uncertain times.
But before we dive in, let's welcome VSRF founder Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm good.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great to see you again.
Yeah.
So, uh, I got an email right before we went live from your sub stack.
And I guess you have even more, more incriminating information from the Czech Republic data.
Can you tell us a little bit more about that?

[SPEAKER_05]
I do, I've written about the, there's a 2024 dump of the Czech Republic data.
It's an official dump.
It was done in November of 2024.
And so I just published an article where I basically completed some more in-depth analyses of the data where I compare Pfizer and Moderna on a two year basis, two years mortality.
So two years after you got your first Pfizer shot versus two years after you got your first Moderna shot.
compared people with the same ages.
And I found that it was interesting that the same thing that happened when I looked at the one year data.
But this time I looked at it on a 30 day, 60 day, 90 day, 120 days, every 90 days thereafter.
And the mortality rates are
But the same.
So it's not like one is that they're separating and then they're merging back.
They're continued to be a significant all-cost mortality difference even after two years after getting the shot.
You're sort of permanently sent back.
And that's quite stunning.
And the beauty of this new spreadsheet is that you can now adjust the comorbidities.
So you can see, oh, well, people had exactly the same comorbidity index.
who took Pfizer or Moderna, how do they compare?
The answer is they compare the same.
It's Moderna is still the more dangerous shot even if you have equal comorbidities.
So that was the last hangout for these people who are clinging on to know your study is flawed because you didn't account for comorbidities.
Okay, now I do.
And the signal's still there.
And the signal is a 50% mortality increase at a minimum.
So 95% confidence bounds
If you're 65, your mortality is anywhere between 1.52 and 1.8.
That's the 95% confidence bound.
So it's 1.65 is in the middle of that.
So you're 65% more likely to die if you got the Moderna vaccine at that age group.
Now, the older you are, the less the difference.
And at first I wondered, why is that?
And the answer is taking these shots is like playing Russian roulette.
So you have an, everybody's got an equal chance.
You've got like one in a thousand chance of dying.
Doesn't matter whether you're old or young or whatever, one in a thousand chance.
So if you're old, proportionally a one in a thousand chance because it's fixed based on the number of shots, then it's going to be smaller in proportion to the number of people who die if you're old, just because you have a higher mortality.
So the proportion at,
difference between the two vaccines is much smaller.
But as you get younger and younger and younger, that absolute difference then becomes a larger portion of your mortality rate.
And so this is why there's a much bigger difference between Pfizer and Moderna if you're younger.
So the younger you are, the greater the percentage increase in your all-cost mortality.
And there isn't an epidemiologist in the entire world.
looking at this data.
It's publicly available data.
You can publicly download it from the official government source.
There's no reason that you shouldn't be looking at this data.
And this is the very first time in human history that we've had record level data available from a government or from any health authority that you can download and analyze.
And I analyze it by brand because that's the fairest comparison because the unvaccinated
or a completely different group than people who opt to be vaccinated and there's no systemic or systematic bias for the distribution of vaccines in the Czech Republic at that time.
So it wasn't like it was distributed to people of higher, maternal was given to people with hierarchical morbidities.
It wasn't and you can go and adjust for that and see that.
So this basically shows
that there is no more room for objecting to this data.
You have to accept this data.
This data shows that it's not like we'd surely pick months because every single observation point in the two-year cycle shows this increase.
So it's really stunning and it just shows you how corrupt
and how blind these health authorities are, that they're not looking at this time series data, which they should be collecting, and they're not analyzing it.
And it shows that Moderna should be stopped at a minimum.
And yet, nobody's calling for the data and nobody's analyzing the data except your friendly neighborhood misinformation superspreader.

[SPEAKER_04]
And you're saying Moderna is 50% deadlier than Pfizer in this.

[SPEAKER_05]
If you were born in 1950.

[SPEAKER_04]
1950.
What do you attribute that to?
Why would one be more deadly than the other by 50%?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, Moderna's, it's the active ingredient.
Pfizer was at 30 micrograms and Moderna was 100 micrograms and then they cut it back to 50.
So, when you're injecting, so if you're injecting poison into someone and you give them one and a half times more poison, do you think maybe that there might be a one and a half times higher mortality rate based on the dose?
Well, VAERS shows deaths per dose are essentially one and a half times higher and the EUDRA database shows the same thing.
That's the VAERS equivalent in the EU.

[SPEAKER_04]
So you think Pfizer would use that against their competition?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes.
And I talk about that in the article, which is why aren't they using against their competition?
The answer is they don't want to raise the level of visibility because if the health authorities realize that, oh, shit, we should have seen the signal for Moderna, how could we have missed that?
Someone's going to say, well, wait a minute, wait a minute.
If you missed them, the signal for Moderna, is it possible that you might have missed the signal for Pfizer too?
Yeah, they don't want to draw attention to anyone in that space.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're all friends.
That's right.
Yeah, no way.
And what's the data say?

[SPEAKER_05]
We will not comment.
Let's not talk about it.
Let's talk about something else.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, they don't want to talk about it.
And what about compared to the unvaccinated in this data?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, you know, the unvaccinated die at like double the rate of people who choose to be vaccinated.
That's a socioeconomic thing.
It's access to health care.
It's a number of things that differentiate that.
And that's been known for a long time in many other studies.
And so once again,
We show proof of that that people who opt for vaccines, because look, it's the older people who opt for vaccines.
And virtually everybody who's old is going to opt for the vaccine because they're told it's safe and effective and it's going to keep them from dying and so forth.
And so there's this enormous take rate in the elderly.
And so who's not going to opt for the vaccine?
younger people.
Well, younger people, but at the elderly, it's people who don't have access to healthcare, can't get to vaccination.
They're at hospital, is 60 minutes away, and stuff like that.
So they end up buying more.
But that was a fact before the vaccines don't decrease your all-cause mortality or change anything.
They only make a difference when there's COVID wave.
And we showed that the higher mortality rate happened when there is non-COVID.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's not just because one was more protective than the other one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
The all cause mortality prior to the roll out of the vaccines was fairly consistent until the vaccines rolled out.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, no, it's the mortality when there is no COVID.
And you can see the mortality difference between the Browns.
So people are just not looking at this data.
And there's no way now, because we've eliminated the comorbidity excuses, oh, well, they had higher comorbidities.
That's why they died.
It was not evenly distributed.
Can't say that anymore.
We just eliminated that one loophole.
So their claim that this explains it
Well, it doesn't match the data now because we have the full data.
So it's beautiful.
It's a beautiful data set.
You know, have it adding the comorbidity index to the data and then extending out the desk until 2024 makes it a much more useful data set than it was before.
And now it's official.
You can officially download it from government source.

[SPEAKER_04]
This is the kind of data that the World Health Organization should encourage other countries to do to release.

[SPEAKER_05]
World Health Organization should be issuing a press release saying, stop Moderna.
Holy shit.
What are we doing?
But it's stunning that Czech Republic is the only place on earth willing to actually publish this data.

[SPEAKER_04]
kudos to them.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
Hopefully somebody else will follow.

[SPEAKER_05]
Not willing to act on it, but at least they're willing to publish it.
I'll give them credit.
Somebody was doing the right thing in the Czech Republic.

[SPEAKER_04]
I wonder if they'll actually, if a journalist in the Czech Republic will actually do a story on this.
No, they won't.
No.
Not allowed.
They're not going to touch it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Don't want to miss your job on that one.

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
Well, Steve, you had a fantastic conversation with Catherine Austin Fitz.
that we're gonna play shortly and then we'll come back and discuss it because it took place before Bobby's Senate confirmation hearings that took place today and yesterday.
And boy, that was quite a spectacle.
It was.
It was frustrating to watch, but I think Bobby conducted himself very well considering the circumstances he was in.

[SPEAKER_05]
Didn't hear a single senator ask for, how come there are no studies between the vaxxed and fully vaxxed and fully unvaxxed?

[UNKNOWN]
No.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, they don't want to ask that question.
They just say, well, vaccines are perfectly safe.
And if you took away our vaccines, we'd be so unhealthy.
But they're not willing to fund a study to show whether the unvaccinated are healthy or not.
Then the vaccinated for some reason.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, the science is settled according to them.
It was a study.

[SPEAKER_05]
Don't even need to study on that one.
Don't even need to study to compare them.

[SPEAKER_04]
Science is settled.
It's settled like vaccines don't cause autism either.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, that was even though, even though we had this Mawson study that just came out that I wrote a substack on the showed that effectively 80, close to 80% of autism in America is caused by the challenge with vaccine schedule.

[SPEAKER_04]
And he brought that up.
In fact, I'm going to show the last 12 minutes of today's hearing at the end of the show.
And he brings that up during the hearing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, oh, did he?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.
So stay.
The Mawson study.
Did he bring up the 80% number?
He brought up the Mawson study.
Yes.
So we'll play that at the end.
So let's get, let's get going.
Let's play this interview for everyone.
It's fantastic.
And uh, Steve and I will be back and then later in the show.
Alexis, Lorenzo will be joining us with Nurse Angela to get an update on her situation.
So it's going to be quite an extraordinary evening.
So without further ado, I'm going to play the interview.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Catherine Austin Fitz.
It's such an honor to have you here.
How are you today?

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
It's great to be here.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, I'm going to read your bio before your interview starts with Steve Kirsch.
Hi, Steve.
How are you?
Good.
Great to see you.
Catherine Austin Fitz, an accomplished financial expert, visionary leader, and outspoken advocate for transparency in government and finance.
Catherine is the president of Solari Inc., publisher of the Solari Report, and managing member of Solari Investment Screens, LLC.
where she empowers individuals with the tools and knowledge to navigate the complexities of the global financial system.
Catherine's extensive career includes serving as managing director and board member of the Wall Street Investment Bank, Dylan Reed and Company Inc. as well as assistant secretary of housing and federal housing commissioner at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development under the first Bush administration.
She also founded and served as president of Hamilton Securities Group Inc., where she pioneered innovative investment strategies.
With a proven track record of success, Catherine has designed and closed over $25 billion in transactions and investments, and has led portfolio and investment strategies for over $300 billion in financial assets and liabilities.
Her work is a testament to her unwavering commitment to financial integrity, economic freedom, and empowering communities.
And again, we are thrilled to have you with us here on VSRF Live.
And I will be back for some questions after you are done with your interview.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_05]
Hey, Catherine.
Good to see you again.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's good to see you, Steven, before we start, I just have to tell I've been through your sub-stack, your recent sub-stacks, and your recent Twitter feed.
And I just want to profess I'm completely ignorant to master 90% of the topics you talk about.
If you will forgive my interest in your subjects, but my interest.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, hopefully you understand what I'm writing about, even if you don't, even if that doesn't compute for you.
Oh, I understand.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, you do.
You do.
It's very accessible.
It's, you know, I understand the gist of things and I understand how important they are.
My father was a doctor.
So, you know, I got some kind of education at the dinner table.
But when you, when you deep dive a lot of the science that you go through, my head spins.
So,

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
So like a population attributable fraction and stuff like that.
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
Well, suffice it to say that probably close to 80% of the autism is caused by these vaccines.
So hopefully that that gets through.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it does.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's the important thing.
So when did you first wake up to what was going on?
You know, my wake up call came with the COVID vaccines when I got the shots myself and then started seeing my friends die unexpectedly.
And so there's got to be, there's something wrong here.
This vaccine seems to be different than other vaccines.
And that then opened the door.
And you know, there's a
There's a rabbit hole you can go down and you can go pretty far down that rabbit hole.
So there's some people, for example, who believe that this is all this conspiracy to kill people and there's somebody at the top that's causing this or that maybe it's multiple parties or what have you.
We can get into that next, but let's just start with a simple question of what kind of opened your eyes to what's going on?
What was your eye-opening moment, your red pill moment?
What's called?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I knew because of my father's work and associations, I knew starting in the 60s not to take these shots.
So I never took, you know, other than, you know, the initial childhood vaccines, I never took flu shots.
I never took vaccine.
I knew to avoid as much as possible.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you didn't know to avoid the childhood vaccine shots, though.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I was too young.
But we didn't do many of them.
I think I had one or two.
But what happened to me was I knew to avoid them.
But I didn't know a lot about them until I became an investment advisor.
And I was speaking very publicly about all the financial fraud that the government was doing and the fraud that was happening in the securities markets.
And after I spoke publicly about it, I decided to become an investment advisor.
I had so many questions.
And most of the more questions you can't answer unless you're registered.
And so I got registered and became an investment advisor.
And for 10 years, what I got was a huge number of clients who had been harmed by vaccine injury and death.
and had experienced that and had in the process of dealing with that had discovered all the fraud in the healthcare industry and then had literally said, oh my God, if the fraud is this bad in healthcare, what's going on with our portfolio?
And so they came to me and it took me 10 years, Steve, of reading everything.
You know, the interesting thing about these families were
They were very motivated people.
There were people who loved their children and would do anything to heal them and, you know, this is full of warrior moms.
And they would give me the best materials.
And so for 10 years, I read everything they gave me.
I talked to scores of people.
I had one client who was, in fact, had become a teacher of teachers who teach autistic kids.
So I had an incredible education for 10 years and it took me about 10 years to kind of get
my mind around what was going on in vaccines.
It took a long time and then and that I stopped being an investment advisor in 2018 and so when you know when it was announced in 2020 there's going to be a vaccine.
I said oh you know and I told this to all our subscribers don't worry about the virus worry about the vaccine.
So I knew
I mean, I knew coming out of the gate and was adamant with everyone, you can't touch this.
And one of the things I knew, it takes 10 to 12 years to do the proper testing on a vaccine.
So I assumed that the goal of the operation, among other things, and I thought the major goal was economic.
But I thought one of the goals was to get you to take the vaccine for some
reason.
You know, I had different theories on what it might be, but I really didn't know.
So the other thing is that very early on in the pandemic before the vaccine had been rolled out.
So if the first vaccines were rolled out in December 2020, in the summer 2020, one of the newsletters that I subscribe to for business reasons, and I find to be remarkably accurate,
came out and had a paragraph in its first page saying investors are very excited about mRNA technology and after the COVID injection, they're going to roll out injections for all these different diseases, many of which were cancers and it was clear that they were going to roll out more mRNA technology to deal
with the adverse events and toxicity of the first mRNA.
So you had an incredible business model where you were going to, you know, the more money, you know, the more people you harmed on the first shot, the more you could double down and make more money on the adverse events, you know, and get more shots in.
And so, you know, on and on we, we, we went.

[SPEAKER_05]
So that's an infinite money machine as long as you don't kill other people.

[SPEAKER_02]
Um, yeah, but if it's a slow kill, you can make tons of money even killing all the people.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So, um, do you think this, I'll, I'll just, I want to ask you about RFK, right?
This is going to air after the confirmation hearing.
Um, like I hear it's supposed to, um, uh, I've heard that he has the votes in the back.
Do you, uh, do you, have you heard

[SPEAKER_02]
Anything similar do you even know so I haven't talked to anybody inside Washington at a time like this you don't want to muddle around and try and get information unless you.
Think it can be have a positive effect, but I've always been convinced that he will be confirmed and I'm convinced now that he will be confirmed.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
And we will, of course, know by the time this airs.
Let's hope that that he does get confirmed.
That will be quite a sea change.
If he's confirmed, I mean.

[SPEAKER_02]
You have the Republican Party and Trump both need him confirmed.
If he is not confirmed, it will be clear the party didn't really
You know, the party has the power to make sure he gets confirmed.
If he doesn't get confirmed, the message will be clear.
And given where they are on a variety of issues and given what he did to help them in the election, they cannot afford to let that happen.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, well, that would be good.
I'm looking forward to that the vaccinated, unvaccinated study done by the NIH that never seems to get done.
Anybody with the critical thinking skills left should realize that the very fact that the NIH avoids, like the plague,
funding any research comparing the fully unvaccinated with the fully vaccinated on any metrics whatsoever, there's a reason that they avoid doing that.
And there's a reason that, do you know about the 2009 bill in the house that was killed in committee?
Oh.
In 2009, there's a bill.
Rand Paul was one of the nine people who were co-sponsoring that bill.
And it basically required the NIH to do a waxed, unvaxxed study because they weren't doing it voluntarily.
So we need to have a bill in Congress to tell them to do their job.
The bill got killed in committee.
People don't want to know.
For some reason.
You know, look, if the vaccines were perfectly safe, why isn't Congress tripping over itself to demand and require that the NIH do the study to show Americans how beneficial the vaccines are?
The very fact that we've never done such a study should be, it's a tacit admission that the darn things make your kids worse.
How long have you known that vaccines cause autism?

[SPEAKER_02]
How long have I known?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I knew since sort of at least a year into being an investment advisor.
So that would have been 2007, 2008.

[SPEAKER_05]
And you were hearing from your, you were hearing from your clients essentially that their kids got autism right after a vaccine or how did you know?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I knew that if you look at the, you know, sort of family after family after family and and they knew what had caused the autism I had one client, but a really interesting fact pattern because she was told she couldn't have kids.
And so she adopted a child and then got pregnant shortly thereafter, had a kid, and then took them both in to get vaccines.
And they both became heavily autistic, seriously autistic.

[SPEAKER_05]
Like within days after the vaccine or what?

[SPEAKER_02]
Right immediately.
I mean, literally, it started that day.
You know, the sort of shutdown started that day.
And she, the doctors tried to insist it was genetic.
If you can imagine that, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, that's like the best story ever.
The doctor said it was genetic and they're completely different families.
That's hilarious.
What did the doctor say after the parent told them?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I don't think that's it.
You know, I don't remember.
I don't remember.

[SPEAKER_05]
I would have loved to have been a fly on the wall on that one.

[SPEAKER_02]
I spent a day.
Well, did you ever watch the video of the McDowell triplets, which I think is one of the most effective.
So one of the things that happened to me was all of these different families
had not only experienced vaccine death or injury but then had experienced the just extraordinary fraud and lies they had to deal with trying to get help in the, you know, in the traditional medical field and their success depended.
The faster you said, you know,
The the traditional medicine can't help me.
I've got to leave and go.
You know, I've got to go over here to reality and I've got to get away from official reality and I've got to pay cash.
You know, I've got to go into a whole cash world, pay cash and and go to people who can really help me as opposed to people who are just going to spout the party line.
But some people it takes, you know, a long, long time and they're really brutalized by the system.
And that was what forced them, you know, over to me.
Now, I have to ask you a question, because this was one of my favorite, you know, compelling moments that explained to you what's really going on.
Dell Big Tree on the high wire cut out and showed a series of excerpts of the WHO meeting.
And I think it was December 2019.
Did you ever see this?
So Heidi Larson, who's an anthropologist in London, had been funded, I think, by the Gates Foundation to do a study on what was causing a rise in vaccine hesitancy.
And so she presented her paper.
All the heads of all the vaccine programs from around the world came to this meeting at the Who in Geneva.
So they're all in Switzerland.
And Heidi Larson, a very attractive anthropologist, gives this whole paper.
And what she says is that doctors and parents want
prove that the vaccines are safe and effective.
And at one point, the head of the Nigerian program raises his hand and says, well, wait a minute, we don't just want proof that they're safe and effective.
We want proof that all of them together as a cocktail in one little body together are safe and effective.
And as they go through, this is what they want.
What you realize is they don't have anything.
In other words, she's saying they want scientific proof that it's safe, effective, and nobody has any proof that it's safe and effective.
And what you realize is this whole global program has been a bluff.
The whole thing is based on a bluff.
And they're all sort of staring, looking at each other, saying, you know, what are we going to do now?
And that was December 2019, and we all know what happened three months later.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So Bill Gates, how old do you know Bill Gates?

[SPEAKER_02]
not not much I mean I I know from just tracking the news and sort of watching what he's up to but smart he's a smart guy right we can agree smart guy right I know he's a smart guy
Oh, OK. Well, I would defer to you.
OK.
I would say he has access to lots of inside information.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Well, he has access.
And he's able to comprehend it.
He can distill it.
He can make conclusions.
Do you think that he knows that the COVID vaccines were very dangerous and unsafe?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
Do you think that?
I'm not sure.
So you think he knows that?
He's just not saying anything.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, here's my question, and I don't know the answer.
Was the goal of the vaccines, so usually when you have an operation that this is big, you stack functions in your prototype.
You're always trying things.
So I'm assuming there was no such thing as one COVID shot that there were multiple, whether it's multiple batches or multiple series.
We had reports of different providers discovering that their batch was saline.
But was the goal to basically install an operating system in your body the way the Moderna Chief Scientist Officer describes?
Or was the goal to depopulate or both?
I don't know.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so if I asked you about the grand, you know, people have these claims that, okay, Steve, you don't understand what's going on.
There's really this plan to depopulate the planet and it's being driven by people that we don't know about.
And they're guiding this and they're putting orchestrating this and they created COVID and then they created the vaccine and the vaccine as a is a ticking time bomb that will kill everybody in 10 years.
I mean, that's the kind of stuff that I hear from people.
And they're trying to convince me of this, and I keep asking, where's the smoking gun memo that details the plan and has this thing written out?
Like, do you think there's this master, that this is all a coordinated master plan, or do you think this is just incompetence on steroids?
You know, sort of a perfect storm of, of incompetent, uh, leading incompetent, leading incompetent.
And the whole thing just snowballs, but you know, um, is there this, uh, is this, is this all coordinating part of a plan?
Do you think, or do you think this is all a series of random unfortunate, uh, events where people with the best intentions are being misled?

[SPEAKER_02]
So in my experience that if something is headed in a wrong direction, then what happens is the world learns and they course correct.
So if you look at the speed at which the TikTok ban was passed in Washington, or Viagra was approved for government funding and reimbursement,
You know, they happen at very high speed and the machine works like a hot knife through butter.
You know, or if something is not intended to do harm, but it does, they immediately see it fix it, change it.
And the way you tell that something is a plan over a long period of time,
is if they keep saying oh well it's very complicated we can't fix it and you know so this was the story in mortgage fraud mortgage fraud went on for years and years and years and made a fortune for the black budget and all sorts of parties involved but oh it's really complicated and we didn't intend this but we can't fix it and I don't know why the bureaucrats are you know it's it goes on and on it's like the Department of Defense not being able to pass an audit for 25 years.
Do you know what I mean?
Even though it's run by a group of contractors who have no problem producing SEC qualified financial statements.
So all of that is just noise and flak.
And it means the system is going where it wants to go.
It's doing what it wants to do.
And then the question is, well, where is it really going and what does it want to do?
So I will tell you, and I started to talk about this in the late 90s,
America has been in a process that I call the great poisoning, of which vaccines are a part, but they're only a part.
And that poisoning, the goal of poisoning the population is intentional.
And one of the reasons it's intentional is it's the only way you can balance the retirement savings in the actuarial books that I know of.
So I've spent a lot of time
basically talking and educating people about the government's refusal to obey the financial management laws and the fact that large amounts of money are disappearing from the federal government.
And I teamed up with Dr. Mark Skidmore in 2017 to help me document
all the money that's missing.
And at one point Mark kept saying, how come you don't give up on this?
How come you keep bringing this up?
And I said, you don't understand.
If we don't deal with the financial problem, the only way they can balance the books is to lower life expectancy.
That's the only thing that will balance the social security and the different
the different retirement systems and so and in fact when the financial coup started they started to bring down life expectancy and you know it wasn't just one thing it was opioids it was fentanyl they approved oxycontin after the budget deal in 1995 busted literally the next month Steve they approved the oxycontin and the pill mill started and the mortgage fraud and predatory lending
All of that targeting poor neighborhoods along with an increase in narcotics trafficking.
And that was bringing the life expectancy down in the lower income groups.
Now, if you look at COVID, it just accelerated that dramatically in the middle income groups.
So I'm sure the great poisoning is a plan.
And the proof of the plan, and to me it's proven, is the refusal to course correct.
And that's why I think Kennedy going in instead of HHS is going to be very interesting because he's going to try and course correct.

[SPEAKER_05]
Um, but is it, is that refusal to course correct?
Because they can't come to grips that, uh, with the cognitive dissonance that these vaccines that they've been, we're told by the medical community are safe and effective and the randomized clinical trials claimed as 95% effective and all that.
They can't come to grips with the, with, with saying, Oh my gosh, I made a mistake and I, I ended up killing people.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I think you have a lot of people in the American population who don't want to face the fact or the fact of what happened with the COVID injections.
But the reason you haven't course corrected the Great Poison for 20 years is because the people who try and course correct it lose their jobs, they get fired, they get shot, they get assassinated.
They're announced to, as one congressman just said the other day, to commit suicide by shooting themselves in the back that had five times.
Do you know what I mean?
So if you look at the evil and the covert operations and the financial carrots and sticks and the control files and dirty tricks that have been used to keep this great poisoning going, you know, no, this is not well intended people.
Just not facing facts.
This is there is a significant amount of money and physical violence and control techniques used to keep it going and it's taken, you know, it's really taken a remarkable and very
inspiring and beautiful effort, you know, grassroots bottom up to force us to the point where Kennedy could have such a dramatic impact on the election and find himself nominated at HHS.
That is a groundswell and the system cannot afford to push that groundswell aside, otherwise they're going to destroy the credibility of the whole system.
And so they need to reaffirm their credibility.
And you'll see this in Washington, where the pendulum will swing back and forth, where they will have a sweeping reform and recalibrate because they can't afford to lose credibility.
And if you look at who's really suffering from that now, it's the big media.
They are literally losing their channel.
And part of the reason is this.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, because they're refusing to cover what seems obvious to people.
But people don't get convinced of this until they see it in their own personal lives, right?
Until they see those personal stories like your investors.
They believe the vaccines were safe and effective until it started happening in their own personal lives, and that caused them to reexamine
their belief systems, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
And, you know, it's funny because even when they had a child very seriously damaged by the vaccine,
You know, the educational process for them took years within the healthcare system of being mistreated and lied to.
You know, it's really an enormous paradigm shift.
So I didn't go through that shift in healthcare.
I went through that shift in finance.
And one of the advantages I had, Steve, was finance's math.
You know mortgage fraud is just pure math and money doesn't lie you know if if a billion dollars is going over here and you can see the cash flows you know it doesn't lie there's got to be a logical explanation.
So but I had you know I literally.
had to look in the mirror and say, I'm the Patsy.
You know, this fraud was going on and I didn't see it.
I was the Patsy.
And it's very, I'll tell you, I think the hardest thing for most people to do is look in the mirror and say, I'm the Patsy.
It's just very hard to do.
Especially if you are well-educated, hard-working, you make it your business to know what's going on.
You know, how could all this be going on in me not know?
It's a real struggle.
We had a great Celery report with an attorney who used to work at the Department of Justice who did a really serious peer reviewed paper on secrecy and how secrecy is engineered.
And it was very helpful to many of our subscribers because they couldn't fathom that the official reality and reality were this far apart.
You know, and them not know it and not realize.
And I think COVID had the, one of the few blessings of COVID is it, it threw a lot of people, you know, out of the official reality and said, look, you know, if I'm going to have a successful life, I need to be able to navigate reality.
And I need to know the difference between official reality and reality.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
So.
Let's talk about Congress for a second, members of Congress.
How many members of Congress do you think are in on the conspiracy or part of the conspiracy or helping in the conspiracy, assuming that there is a conspiracy versus how many are just there and are present to serve the American people?
The two extremes, right?
And so there are a bunch of people in the middle.
How many people are on the, I want to do good and I'm here to depopulate the planet.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I just have to stop here for a second because until 1996, my job in life was to start participating and engage and implement conspiracies.
So on the Salier Report, I'm always saying to people, don't worry if there's a conspiracy.
If you're not in one, you need to start one.
So in my experience, conspiracies were the fundamental building blocks of building the future.
And they were good things.
They were beautiful things.
I never knew they were bad things until I got booted out of the establishment.
And I heard the conspiracies, I like,
You know, conspiracies are good, most conspiracies are legal, but you know, you get together with friends, you come up with a plan, you keep it secret, right?
You don't want people messing with you and you implement it and if it works, you make money, right?
So, you know, conspiracies, our world is built with conspiracies, the world is full of conspiracies, so everybody's engaged in conspiracies in Congress, but that's not a bad thing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
No, no, no.
But I'm talking about how many, you know, if you were to do a breakdown of people in Congress, which is key, since they're making these laws like the 1986 childhood vaccination law,
Do you think that if you were to break down people in Congress who are there to do good, people who are there to, you know, who are sort of in the middle and then people who are actually there to with an agenda?

[SPEAKER_02]
So here's what I find.
Most people go into government service to make a positive difference.
You know, they want to contribute.
And so their impulse is positive.
What happens is they go through the political process and what they discover is, you know, you have to compromise, you have to make deals.
And in a corrupt world, there's a lot of corrupt deals you have to get along with and you can't make.
You have to pick your fights.
Then something happens and you end up with a control file.
Maybe they catch your wife doing some illegal transaction.
Now you've got a control file and you're being blackmailed.
Or you're persuaded if you don't go along, you know, signing the pledge for this lobbyist group, they'll target you in the next election and get booted out.
So whether you get a control file or you just get beat up politically a lot and have to compromise to get, you know, to get my bill through, I've got to go along with these five bills that the leadership one.
And at the root of that problem, Steve, is what I call the red button problem.
Have you ever heard my red button story?

[SPEAKER_05]
I've heard about your red button story, but I haven't heard it directly.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so I'm going to tell this for the 2000th time.
I feel like the 2000 year old man.
Okay, so I was giving a speech in the summer of 2000 to a wonderful group of people who have a conference once a year to talk about how we evolve our society spiritually.
And they're very intelligent, very literate, very financially secure group of people from what I could tell.
And it's an audience of about 100 people.
So I'm in the middle of the speech, a friend of mine asked me to give a speech called How the Money Works in Organized Crime.
And it was meant to be a light, funny description of the intersection of Wall Street in Washington with illegal money.
And later became a very funny or a famous article called narco dollars for beginners.
Anyway, so I'm in the middle of speech and I'm talking about how Congress had held testimony in 1998.
On the dark alliance allegations was the US intelligence agencies with the help of the Bushes and Clintons.
You know, laundering crack cocaine into central LA and it sort of branched out and networked across the country.
Anyway, so during the testimony, the spokesperson for the Department of Justice told a report I was working with at the U.S. economy, laundered $500 billion to a trillion a year of all illegal funds.
So that's everything.
That's narcotics trafficking, human trafficking, illegal gambling, everything.
So I said to this wonderful audience of people what would happen if we stop being the global leader in money laundering and we had a little conversation and they said well you know.
We wouldn't be able to borrow money to finance the government deficit, and our taxes might go up, and our government checks might stop, and that money would leave the New York Stock Exchange and go to Hong Kong or Singapore or Zurich, and our stocks would go down, our IRAs would go down, and I said, okay, let's pretend there's a big red button up in an electron, and if you push that button, you can stop all hard narcotics trafficking
in your town your county your state tomorrow that's offending the people who control five hundred billion to a trillion dollars a year of all illegal money and the accumulated capital there on who here will push the button and to my shock and amazement only one would push the button i said why would you not push the button and they said we don't want our IRAs and 401ks to go down we don't want our government checks to stop and we don't want our taxes to go up okay now we're going to
Trump's going to call you and he's going to say, Steve, I've decided I don't want to be president.
We're swapping you in.
And you're going to walk into the Oval Office.
And your Carl Rove person, your Jimmy Carvel person is going to say, Steve, the American people just spent a fortune to get this party elected.
And what they owe one is they want their community block development grant.
They want their government contract.
They want this.
They want that.
And you're going to turn to your Secretary of Treasury and say, OK, how am I going to get the money to do this?
And he said, you better be nice to people who control $500 billion to a trillion dollars a year involved dirty money.
Now, the secret to, I call it turning the red button green, you can re-engineer the money.
So in fact, you can push the red button.
But you've got to figure out, how can we make money pushing the red button?
Now, here's the little secret.
how you would do it in California in your neighborhood is totally different than how you would do it in Tulsa, which is totally different than how you'd do it in Brooklyn.
It's got to be decentralized.
It's got to be bottom up.
You've got to introduce new technology and have massive increases in productivity bottom up in alignment with the environment.
This has got to be
You're talking about rebalancing living equity, including plants, animals and people with financial equity.
It's one of the greatest wealth producing opportunities in the world, but it defies central control.
It's totally incompatible with central control.
And that is the political process problem because right now our planet is managed top down.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
So interesting.
Push, pushing the red button.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
And so, so let's go back to Congress.
Congress can't push the red button if the people don't want them to.
Do you understand?

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, they do a lot of things that the people don't want them to.
They approved liability protection for vaccine makers, right?
And if you did a poll of the American people, how many people do you think would say, yeah, good thing.
We really want you to keep this.
I mean, what do you think the population would vote on that one?

[SPEAKER_02]
But here's the thing.
The thing that keeps the cash flow, the deep state isn't in Washington and New York.
The deep state is in 3,100 counties, one county at a time.
And it's cash flows and jobs out there.
And so they're constantly doing what keeps the cash flows doing, including the organized crime cash flows.
Those are the high margin cash flows.
And what you've seen is a slow and steady takeover of the whole economy by organized crime.
They're the guys who have the high margins.
They don't pay taxes and they end up owning everything.
And so now they've got us by the throats.
I've said for 30 years now crime that pays is crime that stays, and here's where we are.
But make no mistake about it.
So I was just joking about one of the congressmen from Tennessee.
So my home in the US is in Tennessee, and I'm very proud of Tennessee.
We just had one of the congressmen.
When asked why the Pentagon refused to pass an audit for more than two decades, you know, he basically said, you know, at some point we're going to have and there's $20 trillion missing according to the Department of Defense financials.
So he said at some point one guy is going to leave the lab and be a whistleblower and tell us where all the money went.
And then he's going to die by suicide in his garage where he will shoot himself in the head five times.
And he literally said that on an interview.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, he should make sure to write the memo first and distribute it to everybody before he, you know, it's kind of like, um, so we're, um,
There's a lot of financial regulation in the banking system, right?
The banks are like terrified of financial transactions, doing financial transactions that would upset the regulators.
So as an example, I was told by Coinbase yesterday that you're not allowed to deposit money into your Coinbase account from a bank wire.
And I said, really?
I said, really?
So why is that?

[SPEAKER_02]
Where can you deposit from?

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, you can do a crypto transfer.
So you can do a crypto to crypto movement, but you can't do a movement through the banking system.
So apparently I'm on some sort of shit list that's causing me not to be able to deposit money into a Coinbase account from my bank, which is interesting.
And Coinbase says, in order to protect me, they can't tell me why they're not allowed to do that.
Now, and I said, oh, thank you.
I'm so glad you're looking out for me by not telling me why you're not enabling me to deposit money into my Coinbase account.

[SPEAKER_02]
When did they tell you this?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yesterday.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
So here's what's interesting.
The SEC just changed the rules related to banks being custodian on crypto.
And I'm wondering if part of this isn't, they're setting up the system so you have to onboard or off-board on the banks.
And so it will force you instead of onboarding into crypto through Coinbase, you're going to have to onboard through your bank.

[SPEAKER_05]
What do you mean?
I'd have to buy cryptos at my bank?

[SPEAKER_02]
So yeah, so you have to buy crypto at your bank and then move it to Coinbase.
In other words, one of the ways they're going to control crypto
or one of the ways you can control.
If you look at how Australia set up the regulation, they had very strict onboarding and offboarding rules through a small number of banks.
And then you require anybody trading or running an exchange to be licensed.
And boom, by setting up very tight onboarding and offboarding rules and licensing of the players, you've got complete control like that very quickly.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, but they licensed Coinbase.
Coinbase is licensed in 45 or whatever required number of states.
They have money transfer licenses, so they pull the strings on Coinbase.
So what's the difference?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, but nothing.
I mean, that's how you set up control.
You set up a licensing system, and you control the onboarding and the offboarding and the licensing, and then everybody's got to do what you say.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, let me, I'm gonna see if I can share my screen here for a second.
This is my Coinbase account.
You try to wire money out of my Coinbase account and it says payment method not available.
So I'm trying to contact support.
Okay, so try to wire out money.
And then let's go over to X here.
Here we go, Coinbase support.
So I'm complaining about, so here's that screen.
And so can you please send us a screenshot?
And then to wire money out, you have to do da, da, da, da.
And I said, it does not work.
We're really sorry.
Furthermore, we can blah, blah, blah.
Okay, please give us a few minutes.
Okay, thanks.
Here it is.
Thanks for waiting, Steve.
After a detailed review of your account, deposits via wire cannot be approved for your account.
Any transfer sent will be rejected and returned.
For the security of our users, we are not able to provide specific information regarding how this determination was made.
You can still purchase digital currency using a debit or credit card, okay?
So anyway, I'm not making this stuff up.
I was shocked that I could not wire transfer money in and I was shocked that I could not wire transfer money out of my Coinbase account and they don't seem to be able to tell me why.
Is there any way that I as a person can find out what's going on here, whether I'm on some sort of list here or is this like, what is going on here?

[SPEAKER_02]
So, so there is a explosion of, of bank wire fraud happening.
And I'm wondering if it's connected to that or it's specific to you.
So they may, the advantage of selling into PayPal or an ACH or some of these others is they avoid those wire transfer dangers.
So I'm just wondering, is there a way you can check and with Coinbase or have somebody who's got a Coinbase account check and see if this is a general policy?

[SPEAKER_04]
And is this wire transfer, Steve, or also like ACH transfers?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, I was able to ACH out.
But look, it's the same financial system.
If they can stop your wires, then they can stop your ACHs.
It's not magic.
I know how this stuff works.

[SPEAKER_02]
Here's the thing.
What you're watching is the steady application of a social credit system.
So it's it's going on with credit cards.
It's going on with banks.
It's going on with, you know, so, so we just published a big study called what the states can do building the legal and financial infrastructure for financial freedom.
And it is a complete look.
We've been working with state legislators for the last 2 years.
on what are the laws and steps the states can take to protect citizens, to keep both the state and citizen sovereignty going so that they can't be controlled and manipulated by the financial system from outside the state.
And one of the things a lot of states have been doing have been passing laws saying you can't use MCC codes on the credit cards to manipulate what you can and cannot buy with a credit card and banks over a certain size are not allowed to debank someone for political or religious reasons.
So there's a lot of things states can do to start to intercede.
Now they've been focused on the banking system.
They're going to have to start focusing on the crypto exchanges because the crypto exchanges are turning up and demanding outrageous things from the state legislators and the federal legislators.
And one thing they can all do is extract a pound of flesh and say, you know, because all the crypto and Coinbase among them are trying to get the governments to basically do mandated purchase programs.
So it's one of the most corrupt proposals I've ever seen in my life.
But the more they ask of government, the more government can say, look, you can't do these kinds of discriminations, because it's basically a social credit system, one way or the other.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, so is there any way for me to find out what the heck is going on, whether I'm on some sort of list?
Is it me?
Is it, you know, how is it that I can't wire money into Coinbase or wire money out of Coinbase?
That's what I want to know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Do you have a relationship with a banker who you know that you have a relationship with at your bank?

[SPEAKER_05]
Um,
I have a relationship with, does this have to be my bank or just can bank her in general?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, your bank.

[SPEAKER_05]
Um, he, uh, the guy was talking, the, the, my relationship manager at, uh, at my bank left.
And so, uh, yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
At Salire, we have a four part series called how to build a successful relationship with a great bank.
And I strongly recommend you're a very smart person, a very capable person.
You find a bank where you can have a longterm relationship.
They know you, you know them and you can go to them for this kind of intelligence.
Okay.
You need a good bank, and if you don't have a bank where you have that kind of relationship with the decision maker, then you're not getting the kind of banking service that you deserve.
So I'm just going to say that.
Okay, so you need to take care of that.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, but they might may not even know, right?
Because it's a coin base.

[SPEAKER_02]
They might not know, but they usually can figure it out and get the information.
They can find out what's going on in terms of these roles at these organizations.
That's number one.
The second thing I would do is I would either you or someone else go to Coinbase, start setting up an account from scratch, and ask them
You know, what is your policy in terms of onboarding and offboarding?
What are the methods available to me to onboard and offboard?
And can they be changed for individual accounts, et cetera?
And apparently, they are setting up a subcoin-based announce.
Someone told me today, and I haven't had time to check it, announced a kind of social credit system where they are measuring you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, good.

[SPEAKER_02]
So glad to know I'm being measured.
Well, you know, here's the thing.
I would come in both the front end and talk to people who also have accounts and see what you can pick up.
So you need intelligence from individuals, but it would be good also to have intelligence from the bank account.
And what I'm curious about is if this change in SEC rule has anything to do with the policy change that says, OK, we're going to onboard and off board through the commercial banks.
I don't, I don't know that that's true.

[SPEAKER_05]
I just yeah, I'm pretty skeptical.
I, you know, you would have heard something about it if that were the case because then everybody would be affected.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, you know something?
When I was an investment advisor for 10 years, I never heard about these things sometimes from the really good newsletters, but it would happen to a client and then I dig in and find hundreds of things I found out because one client got
had some kind of experience.
And that's how you find, you know, these things are very quietly done.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, central bank digital currency, and then we'll open it up for questions.
Do you have any words and thoughts about this?
I used to be in the central bank digital currency business supplying technology to banks.
And we had an extremely difficult time because the banks were still stuck in the Stone Age.
the thought that, oh yeah, these these bankers are pushing central bank digital currencies.
We gave them the best technology ever for central bank digital currency and we couldn't find any buyers for the people to license the technology from us.
It doesn't seem like there's this conspiracy to move to central bank digital currencies as fast as possible, because if they were, then they would be chomping at the bit instead of us trying to shove this down.

[SPEAKER_02]
So there is a conspiracy to move to something that reflects four different things.
One is a high precision digital ID system that can be interoperable globally.
The second is an all digital monetary system because that plus a digital ID gives you the ability to assert complete control.
But part of that is they want the bankers essentially to run fiscal policy.
And if you get the first two, you can get the third.
And here's the thing to understand.
They don't really care whether it's a private crypto system or a public CBDC system.
You can do it either way.
What they want is digital ID, all digital monetary control, and it can get hooked up with a social credit system, and it can also get hooked up with asset tokenization.
And then what you're talking about is complete global control.
You're talking about a digital slavery system where
You know, all the good work you've done on health care, once I have that kind of complete financial transaction control, I decide health care policy from scratch.
Everything that Kennedy could do for the next four years can get completely overturned the minute they get financial transaction control.
And that's why we've been working so hard with the states now.
The central banks will never do that.
They will go on a private crypto system unless and until the central bank can get out from under the Constitution.
We're just about to publish a huge series called War for Bankocracy by John Titus that describes in detail why the central banks in the United States can't proceed with the CBDC until they're out from under the Constitution.
And that is one of the big wars that's coming.
And in the meantime, they're building the whole digital control system privately.
That's what Trump has been rolling out with all the different pieces.
So digital ID and biometrics for immigration, the data centers for Stargate, and on and on and on.
So don't worry about whether it's a CBDC or a private crypto.
An all digital ID plus digital monetary system 100% digital, you know, embrace control.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's controlled by the government or that the government can basically seize control of.
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
Although the government at that point will be essentially powerless.
You know, basically, you know, for 500 years, we've been on a central banking warfare model and the government sort of implements, you know, whether they're implementing the military or this, you know, what the central bankers want.
But for, you know, more than 100 years now, we've had a balance of power.
So the people's representatives have run fiscal policy.
And the central banks in front monetary policy.
What has been happening since the financial coup started in 1998 is the central bankers are trying to assert control over fiscal policy and the ultimate end of this is is is taxation without representation.
That's the ultimate takeover.
And if you go to Celery, we have a panel called Video Shorts, and if you click on that and go to Financial Transaction Freedom, the first three videos are central bankers warning you what this system is going to look like.
And they've been very honest.
They will have complete control, and they can make rules centrally and enforce all the rules centrally, and they've been very clear that they're going to be able to do that.
And one of the videos I always show is Neil Cash-Carrie, who's president of the Minneapolis Fed, saying, why would the American people ever let this happen?
And frankly, I think that's one of the reasons the Fed has been slow walking, not only because they're subject to the jurisdiction of the Constitution and Congress, but not everybody in the Fed system wants to end up with their kids being slaves.
And I hate to say this, this is the end of currency.
It's a control system.
It's not a financial system.
It's a complete control system.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what do you think is going to happen in 10 years from now?
Do you think that all of our transactions will be subject to centralized control?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I think if you look at the people pushing the system, I think that's what they want.
Now, I never worry.

[SPEAKER_05]
And why?

[SPEAKER_02]
Because it will confer on a relatively small group of people complete power.
absolute power.
I mean, so if you go through the history of the world, the single most profitable business in the history of the world is slavery.
And if you look at the reasons that they ended the slave trade the last time, you know, there were two problems.
One is you couldn't perfect collateral, and two, you couldn't put down rebellions.
And if you look at the advances in digital technology, including weaponry,
They've solved those problems and now they can go to something with complete control and I think they believe they can do it in a way where, you know, it's not entirely obvious.
They can sufficiently keep people entertained and keep the mind controlled that it's 2030, you have no assets and you're happy.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
But won't people complain about that or will they be like the frog in the water and that if you boil the water slowly enough, the frog doesn't notice and die?
Is that what's going to happen?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I have no idea what's going to happen.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to do everything I can to make sure it doesn't succeed.
And my vision of how it's going to fail, because I don't think we have the power to stop it.
But I do think that if we do a good job of bringing transparency and doing everything we can to throw fiction into the machinery,
I think if you look at the people who are centralizing power will kill themselves.
In other words, my favorite Bible story is the story of Gideon.
I don't know if you know the story of Gideon from the Bible, but what happens is Gideon and his army come down the side of the mountain and they're trying to throw the mini-knights out of Israel.
And the mini-knights are these just horrible, dreadful people.
And as Gideon and his army come down the side of the mountain, the mini-knights jump up in the dark and kill each other.
And I absolutely believe when you're centralizing something like this, you know, what we'll see occasionally is fight spring out because the more and more centralized you get, the more and more power concentrates, the more and more greed you have going on.
And basically, law and order breaks down in a way that brings chaos.
But the power hungry and the greedy just go after each other.
So I think it's going to fail.
And my question is, OK, how are we going to ensure civilization as it fails?
You know, where's our plan?
Because if you look at all the reasons that anybody would want to centralize, and there are legitimate reasons why they want to centralize, if you look at all the reasons they want to centralize, we have to address those problems.
You know, for example, when you have really powerful technology moving ahead at high speed on an out of control basis, how are you going to provide risk management?
It's very hard to engage with 325 million people in a democracy when you have to turn the aircraft carrier in time to not hit the iceberg, but everybody else is distracted and doesn't want to hear about it, right?
It's a lot easier to say, oh, I want control and I just want to be able to turn the, you know, the aircraft carrier because you can't trust the people to do it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
Let me ask you, uh, uh, I want to open it up for questions, but, uh, last question.
Okay.
Let's assume that he gets confirmed on the Wednesday, uh, hearing.
Will he be successful over the next four years?
Or will he be challenged at every single, you know, will they fight him on every single thing that he tries to change?
Will he make a difference or will it be him just butting heads with the status quo?

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so here's the way to think about this.
It's not, we're going to do everything we can to get Bobby confirmed, and then can he get something done?
The right question is, how are we going to make sure that all the things he wants to get done happen?
Because this is a war.
We're an army.
We're in this together.
And he can't do it alone.
We have to do this.
And so the first thing he's going to try and do is to get as much of the data and disgorge as possible and make it public.
And we can't just leave him to do this.
All of us have to be part of helping to do this.
This has to be a movement exercise together.
This is trench warfare.
And I know exactly.
I'm just about to do a recording about how to transition into the.
into the administration just from what I learned about it.
But he's going to be engaged in trench warfare and we have to engage with him and help him do this.
And this is not on him.
This is on every one of us.
And his success will depend on how well we support him doing it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
So it seems like if I were him in his shoes, I would start with the low hanging fruit that everybody agrees on and use that to expose the hypocrisy to America.
So I think one of the most effective things that he could do is get a study done
at warp speed between the vaccinated and the unvaccinated, because he could argue that who should be opposed to exposing the truth?
And he should get William Thompson to testify in front of Congress about what happened with autism and things like that, things like that are basically saying, hey, look, I just want to
get to the truth.
I'm not taking a position.
I just want to expose the truth.
And I think that if he starts off with that, and he starts to expose the truth to people, that he'll start to get a lot of people on his side, which I think is really important, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
So here's the thing.
The number one weapon he has is transparency.
And can he dig out the data?
And I totally agree with you.
But he's gonna need to dig out the data.
And what I would do if I was in his shoes is I would literally make a list of all the data I wanted to dig out, where it was, and then I would just start, whatever I could get out as fast as I could get out, and I'd get as, I would always go for the low hanging fruit.
I don't know what that is, but.
Yeah, okay.
And as you're doing that, you wanna find as many allies within the building, because the more allies he can create in the building,
the more data he can dig out.
So when I worked in the administration, I had a black Corvette.
And I used to tell everybody, look, put it on the windshield wiper.
And I had all these allies who would feed me all this data, but they didn't want me to know who they were.
So they put it on my windshield wiper on the Corvette.
And you can't imagine what I would be able to get a hold of through my car, whatever your window.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Do you still have that windshield wipers there?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, no, no, no.
No, it was really funny because I thought I should have an American car.
So when I went to Washington, I bought the Corvette and then I drove into the White House parking lot on one of the first days and everybody had a BMW and a Toyota.
I thought, where's the loyalty?
Come on.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
There you go.
All right.
Livio.

[SPEAKER_04]
Fascinating conversation, totally enjoying it here.
And I want to just follow up on the CBDCs and ask how COVID and pandemics are being used to ultimately control us financially.
What's the tie in between these, the COVID and now we're reading all about the bird flu and this new pandemic and future pandemics.
How did they work together?

[SPEAKER_02]
So, you know, COVID was essentially a financial re-engineering.
You basically shut down Main Street and move that market share to Wall Street.
I mean, grossly ever simplified.
And when you started the going direct reset, you inject $5 trillion into the economy.
And that's going to be very inflationary.
And the way you delay the deflation is, I mean, the delay, the inflation is by shutting down Main Street.
That's very deflationary.
So it helped to delay the inflation for that period of time.
But you're centralizing tremendous control of communities and business market share.
And that sort of helps move you.
The other thing you had to do is to do this system, you have to destroy cash.
And COVID was very successful at dramatically reducing cash use.
And they're not there yet.
but COVID and the health care issues have helped.
So, you know, part of it is just the, now they tried to do the digital ID with the vaccine passport.
It didn't work, although Europe's still trying the vaccine passport, but we've tried many different versions of getting a digital ID in the US.
They're pushing real ID in Europe.
They're, they're pushing vaccine passport, but vaccine passport was the real push for a digital ID system.

[SPEAKER_04]
And what can we do to protect ourselves from this central bank digital currency?
Is it precious metals?
Is it paper?
Crypto?
What options do we have?

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so they're, so I would really strongly recommend, if you go to Celery, we have a panel where it's called, and we have the publication up there, what the states can do.
And it's a PDF, you can download it, share it with your state legislators, but it shows you literally everything you can do.
We also have a memo you can download called financial transaction freedom.
What is it and what can we do to protect it?
That defies actions between families, investors, and legislators, people from different points of view.
One of the things you can absolutely do is use cash.
Use everything you can to dramatically improve cash use.
We just saw the Norwegian central bank come out and say, you know, it was a mistake.
We're down to 3% cash use.
That was a mistake because we're seeing what happens in all these disasters around the world and people are safer and better off if they have cash when the hurricane.
You know, or the tsunami comes, so we're going to take cash the other way.
So do everything you can to use cash.
Decentralize your, your bank.
So we're going to get Steve out of his big bank where he doesn't know anybody into a great local community bank where he has a great relationship with the president of the bank or something like that.
who can get them the kind of intelligence you need.
But you want to get the deposits as decentralized as you can and into banks and credit unions that are going to support continued cash use and understand the importance of it.
Another thing you can do absolutely to protect yourself from inflation is precious metals.
And I think
One of the things that's been very, very successful at keeping the retail investor out of precious metals and silver since really about 2016 is Bitcoin and crypto.
And one of the reasons I think they're pushing the Bitcoin, I call it Bitcoin bailout.
There's a big paper up at Solaria on the Bitcoin ballot that I would also recommend you access.
But and it's a great thing to say to your state legislator is the states are starting
to move to authorize purchases of gold and silver by the treasurers and to start to use gold and silver, make it legal tender, get the sales tax off, et cetera.
And I think part of the push to get them to buy Bitcoin is really to get them away from gold and silver.
And the central bankers continue to accumulate the gold and silver gets away, but gold and silver
In my opinion, it has never been more attractive as an asset class than it literally is right now.
And we have a lot of material up at Solaria about that.
But the other thing you can do is you can invest your money in things that take new technology and apply it to fundamental productivity in the economy instead of financing all the big companies that are building the control grid.
So if you look at who's building the control grid, we're going to work and building the control grid.
We're buying and investing in the stocks of the companies that are building the control grid.
We're socializing with the people who are building the control grid and telling them they're cool and fashionable.
We are supporting.
We're refusing to push the red button.
And so anytime in our own personal lives, we say,
Not only am I going to push the red button, but I'm going to figure out how to make money pushing it, because then we really can push it.
We've got to shift our attitude and our mind.
The other thing we have to do is reject futility.
One of my favorite lines from John Rappaport, who I'm assuming you know, Olivia,
He has a great quote.
He says, hopelessness is an op and it's planet wide.
And I'm constantly told, oh, it's totally hopeless.
They're going to control everything.
There's nothing you can do.
And I just know that's not true.
And I just, you know, you, if you look at the history of freedom, it always looks hopeless and then freedom wins.
And I could tell you story after story where that's been true.
You just have to be able to persevere.
And what I can tell you was having grown up and lived sort of, you know, I was trained and bred to be a central banker.
There was a moment, and I'll tell you the story when I first realized this, there was a moment I was on the board of Sally May, and the chairman was a wonderful guy, was a SNL banker from the south, and he pulled me aside after a meeting, and he said, the time has come for you to join the council in foreign relations.
And he pulled out this glossy brochure, and he said, we want you to ask Nick Brady to sponsor you.
And I looked at him and I said, Harry, I just don't want to do this.
And he looked shocked and he looked at me and he said, you don't understand.
If you don't do this, you'll be out forever.
This look of horror on his face of you'll be out forever.
And just at that moment, I had a vision of them taking my name off of the locker in the underground base.
And I started to laugh sort of inwardly and I thought, you know, I'll take my chances upstairs with the white boy.
I don't want to be down in the underground bases with you guys.
It's just too creepy.

[SPEAKER_05]
I wanted to take off on something you said.
You like gold and silver.
What's on your top list of things where you would be investing your money and what's on the shit list of things that you would totally avoid?
So I'm really curious where Bitcoin and crypto are on that scale of put money in.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to shock you because I have a very unorthodox approach right now.
So my number one investment, my number one and number two investment where I put almost all my money is number one in people and number two in enterprise.
So I was an investment advisor for 10 years.
All the fortunes I dealt with and all the family wealth I dealt with were people starting and building great enterprises.
And, you know, or practices, you know, a cardiologist starts a practice and builds it and builds it and builds it.
And what you discover over long periods of time is family wealth and during family wealth comes from enterprise.
So, you know, so most of my money goes into enterprise, but I also put a lot of money in people and let me explain what I mean by that.
So I went to Wall Street.
I loved making money.
I was very successful.
And whenever anybody in my family had a problem, I just lent them money.
If friends had problems, I lent them money or gave them money.
I gave away a lot of money.
And when I was targeted by the Department of Justice in 19, it was 1995, 1996, I went through a process where they basically try and isolate you and cut off all your sources of income and credit and everything else.
And at that time, I realized they tried to scare my family and persuade my family to have nothing to do with me.
I had a wealthy uncle and my uncle said, you know, I'm not going to ditch her.
They had a family meeting about whether they would ditch me or not because they didn't want to get in trouble with the Department of Justice.
He said, I'm not going to ditch her because she's always helped all of us, you know, and she always lent or gave us money or always helped us.
And so now that she's in trouble, I'm not going to ditch her and I'm going to help her.
And literally, I counted it up at that time.
I had given her lents $250,000 to family and friends, which in 1998 was still a reasonably large amount of money.
And over the next 11 years, that 250,000 people lent or gifted me money for the next 10 years, including my wealthy uncle.
And at the end of the period, I did a calculation.
I paid everybody back who'd lent me money.
And I realized, oh, I had put 250,000 out on the People Bank, and I had gotten back 250,000.
And if it wasn't for that quarter of a million dollars, I would never have made it.
I would be dead.
And I had literally put 250,000 in the people bank, and the people had re-gifted me or loaned me back that same 250,000.
And so when I settled the litigation, my company got a lot of money in, and my CPA, I had a 401K that they had audited, so I couldn't use it to finance the company.
And my CPA said, oh, let's fund, it was a half a million dollars, let's fund up the 401K.
And I said, you know something?
I am never going into business with the US government.
Again, I'm taking that $500,000 and I am bonusing it back out on the people bank because that is the only bank that will be there for me.
You know, when they, you know, when my bank debanks me, it's the people bank that will see me through.
So you cannot imagine how much money I put out in the people bank.
And one of my favorite quotes from last year was from a wonderful doctor in Switzerland.
He said, the currency of the future will be relationships of trust.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, right.

[SPEAKER_02]
And.
What I'm telling you is we're going into a period where, and I used to say this is an investment advisor all the time, my clients would say, oh, I only have 10 million in my brokerage account and my financial planner tells me I have to have 25 million or I'm not safe, so I can't help my kid buy a house and I feel terrible because she lives in a rotten neighborhood.
And I would say, are you out of your mind?
Do you think, you know, you've got stock in Lockheed Martin, Raytheon.
Do you think they're going to show up and help you at the door when you're in real trouble?
No, your kids going to do that.
You know, buy her a home.
It's a good investment given where, you know, if you live in the city where she lives, real estate is a better investment than most of your stocks.
Buy her a home so she and your grandson, who are your two most valuable assets, are going to be safe and healthy.
Are you crazy?
You have $10 million in your brokerage account.
So, you know, so I, my number one investment is, is a people investment because in a world that's lawless and you can, you know, all money and financial assets are a function of law.
You know, I got news for you.
This society has become noticeably lawless.
I trust the people bank.

[SPEAKER_04]
I love it.
It's a way to build community as well around you.

[SPEAKER_05]
I am still curious as to your views on crypto, on Bitcoin and crypto, irrespective of what you just talked about.
I mean, do you think that crypto is complete scam and you should stay away from it?
It has no intrinsic value.
Do you have any opinions on crypto and Bitcoin?

[SPEAKER_02]
So Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme.
If you read Bitcoin bailout, I just did a great interview with Steve Patterson, who I cannot recommend highly enough.
He and Roger Ver wrote hijacking Bitcoin.
I don't know if you've read it.
It's very, very good.
But if you read Bitcoin Bella, to me, Bitcoin is basically has been designed to be a speculative asset, and you need to get another wave of investors in.
Now, if you basically get mandated government purchases at the federal and state level, Larry Fink just said in Davos, you can run it up to 700,000.
You can.
There's nobody left.
Once you get the government to be the last patsy in the Ponzi scheme, you got nobody else to take you out.
You can bankrupt the government, but you can't make it work.
You have other cryptos that do serve a fundamental payment function.
And to me, they do have value.
And frankly, I'm a lover of private currencies.
I'm really enthusiastic about community currencies.
I would love to see crypto and community currencies get together and start to really get something going.
My problem with crypto.

[SPEAKER_05]
Interesting.
So let me clarify that.
By community currency, you mean that people are essentially creating their own currency
that they're using to trade value.
And just like that, just like you, someone would create a US dollar legal tender.
It's a community, you know, we're putting in credits.
I'm going to put in 10 credits.
You know, I'll give you 12 credits for your, your, your ticket, whatever.
It's like a time banking.
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, you could use time.
You can use gold.
You can use lots of different assets in a community, but at the height of the Great Depression, there were 3100
community currencies in America, and there are 3,100 counties.
So that's an average of one community currency per county.
And one of the reasons they did the big WPA and poured all the federal money is to blow that out, right?
But the theoretical optimization that could come from doing community currencies, you know, both digital and analog, you want it to be both.
is tremendous.
And if we are going to go through a period of de-globalization, it's the only thing I know that could provide a sovereign state bank and air cover from the state to allow community currencies within the state and a rich infrastructure of community banks.
I can't tell you how important the more good
productive, profitable community banks and credit unions you have within a state, and the more deposits you decentralize that way, the healthier the economy is.
And that's the kind of liquidity we need if you're going to go through a period of deglobalization and great change, which we are clearly already in.
I would really encourage you, Steve, I know how busy you are, but read what the states can do, and it's all about the nuts and bolts of what is the legal and financial infrastructure you need
to really transition and protect freedom during this period.
And I'm happy to do a whole discussion on crypto, but it's going to take a whole interview.

[SPEAKER_04]
Let's do a separate finance one.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, but let me tell you the secret on one of the sort of getting local currencies going and using crypto for local currencies.
One of the smartest reforms I ever heard was from Bill Binney, who was the top technical director at the NSA.
And he said, if we could just get the homeschoolers to all teach encryption and cryptography,
He said, and the kids could constantly spin the system.
So every week you get a new, you know, encryption system locally.
He said, and to do local currencies, he said, he said they couldn't handle a little drive them crazy.
You know, you could really get something going financially.
And that's, you know, that's part of it.
You need to have with the technology, you need to have real privacy and security.
And the question is how to do that and keep the scammers out.

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
I'm going to go to some audience questions.
First one from Cindy Height.
Took some of my 401k iron, put it in gold and silver.
Do not have it physically.
Is that a good idea?
Right.
Yeah, that's a great question.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's a great.
Do not have it physically.
Right.
So there are many reasons why you would want to have gold and silver in a good custodian and many reasons why you would want to have it at home.
And to me, a proper balancing in gold and silver usually has a both because you want one of my favorite quotes is always have enough gold to bribe the border guards.
You want that at home, right?
But there's only so much that the number one way my clients would lose money on precious metals is they would have it at home and it would get stolen.
You know, you put the paint buckets of the junk silver down in the basement and you forgot it was there when the plumber came over and three months later, you realize it's gone, right?
Right, right.
So, so if you think the financial system is bad, why do you meet some of your neighbors?
Okay.
So, so, you know, there are reasons to have some at home.
We have lots of information in the salier report about how to have it at home.
But also how to find good custodians.
It's fine to do an IRA or 401K in a depository or custodian.
You want to make sure you have a good one.
The good ones are fine, the bad ones are terrible, and you have to be very, very careful.
It's one of the reasons we keep encouraging the states to do bullion depositories.
What most investors would love is if they had under state enforcement and authority and security a state bullion depository where the state was keeping their bullion, but they could also, as a citizen, deposit there.

[SPEAKER_01]
Please stand by, we just had a little freeze.

[SPEAKER_02]
variety of functions, it can never replace enterprise building wealth.
We, in this period, both de-globalization and explosion of new technology, the great wealth is to be created by creating enterprises that really provide value to people.
And that's why when you look and see, you know, what is crypto, where is crypto?
worthwhile is the goal of that crypto to build a digital control system that's going to turn me into a slave, or is that goal of that crypto to provide a low friction, low cost transaction system that I can use globally?
That's great.

[SPEAKER_05]
The interesting thing about gold and silver is that if everybody starts to buy it and essentially hoard it and lock it up, the price goes up.
And so you have almost a kind of a Ponzi scheme.
It's not quite a Ponzi scheme, but your
The more people do it, the more it drives up the price, just like buying Bitcoin.
And it drives it up artificially such that if people said, okay, I want to unwind this, then the price goes down.
Where do you see the price of gold and silver going over the next five years?
Do you see it relatively stable?
Do you see it going up or do you see it going down?

[SPEAKER_02]
So that is a function of how much political instability occurs.
And so the price of gold, gold's not going to create more value.
It's not going to change.
And so really the price is a function of supply and demand.
Right, but that's driven by, you know, pure concern about politics and it's driven by both fiscal and monetary largesse.
And so, you know, so it's impossible to predict where it goes.
You know, I hope it goes down because that says we figured out the political problems.
And I think the chances of that happening quickly are small.
But I, you know, if you look, we just finished doing our quarterly equity overview and after a review of the charts, one of the things you notice, for example, because I'm a big silver buyer, silver is one of the things I regularly accumulate.
If you look at silver, normally higher interest rates should drive silver down, but we've seen
a period where with higher interest rates, silver is rising.
And what that says is people are really concerned about political instability.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you personally, you have silver.
Do you have some silver at home?
And do you have silver in how many different repositories, custodians, how many different custodians do you use for your silver?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I don't put silver in a custodian because it's much more expensive to deposit.
Gold is much cheaper to put no depository than silver.
Silver is pretty bulky.
Right?
So 100,000 of silver is much bulkier than 100,000 of gold.
You can put 100,000 of gold in a tiny deposit box.
Anyway, so silver I have at home.
So I'll announce to all the Bergwes of the world.

[SPEAKER_04]
They don't answer that question, Catherine.
No, no, no, no.

[SPEAKER_02]
Everybody knows I have silver at home.
You've got to be.
But I live in Hickory Valley, Tennessee, and I have a lot of neighbors who have a lot of guns.
So you're well protected.
The joking hickory valley is the women, the women are so well armed that the men have to sleep with their wives are so well armed, the men have to sleep with bulletproof vest.

[SPEAKER_05]
So the, the, the goal that you have in repositories, how many different repositories is it scattered amongst?
Is it like 10 or is it two?
Or is it, you know, do you use a small number?
Do you relatively large?

[SPEAKER_02]
So, so I live part time in Europe and part time in the United States.
So I'll let you guess.

[SPEAKER_05]
I mean, I could argue for a small number would be fine, but usually you'd want to have like 10 different places so that if any place was breached or compromised or whatever, you're not out.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I agree.
I'm a squirrel.
So I believe in having things all over the place.
But remember, that means a much more difficult job archiving and managing and monitoring.
So there's a balance between how many
you know, how many relationships you want to maintain and monitor and how many, you know, how many, how many sort of places you want to take responsibility for.
But, right.

[SPEAKER_05]
But I mean, like 10 is 10 a reasonable number or is it, I mean, 10 should be a reasonable number, right?
Cause if anyone fails.

[SPEAKER_02]
It depends on how much, if, if you have a million dollars of gold, 10 is way too many, you know, if you have a hundred million dollars of gold, 10 is fine, right?
So, so how much gold do you want to own?

[SPEAKER_05]
Interesting.
I would have thought that the number of touchpoints you'd want to have, like 10 or more, regardless of the amount.
Because if I have just a million dollars, I would never want to lose more than 10% of it, whether I have a million dollars or 100 million dollars.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
That would be my philosophy.
There are certain depositories where I have great confidence.
and other depositories where I have less confidence.
And diversifying into less confident is not going to make you stronger.
I agree on the 10%.
I am a squirrel, and squirrels don't put a lot in one place.

[SPEAKER_05]
OK. Good.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good.
Thank you.
Next question from a Solari subscriber, Richard Sablaki.
Uh, your, your documentary planet lockdown has a line near the end, uh, that the U S government is doing purposeful financial mismanagement, example, 20 trillion from the DOD vanishes and audit, not allowed, et cetera.
You said that the social contract from government to citizens is not being held.
So we should respond by not paying federal taxes.
How do we realistically do this?
Put money into escrow until various audits are done or studies.
There's a high.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's an excellent question.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great question.
Let me just add one thing.
You know, there are people who tell you that you do not have to pay federal income tax.
And I spent a lot of time looking into this and they are correct.
You are not obligated legally to pay federal income tax.
However,

[SPEAKER_02]
The litigating that point is very expensive.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, what could happen to you in the meantime is that people who believe that it's not true will just be a problem.
But but there is a guy, you know, do you know about payment payment?
Who runs freedom freedom law school school freedom law school.
Okay.
Well, his deal is that if you pay him instead of paying the tax man, you only have to pay him 10% of what you would pay the tax man or.
or I think it's probably higher than 10%.
But in return, he will essentially pay all your legal bills.
So you're essentially buying legal insurance so that you're not drained by the, and so the whole point is that
a group of people who do this, then he's got, if 10% of them go, it's almost like buying legal insurance for the legal battles that you're going to face.
And so it's an interesting
It was quite an interesting exploration.
My wife said she divorced me if I did it.
So I didn't pursue it.

[SPEAKER_02]
So you have an excellent wife.
You have an excellent wife.
So I have to tell you two stories.
The first thing is when I finished litigating with the federal government, we won the big case and got a big settlement.
And at that point, I had right now the missing money is $65,000 per person in America.
at that point i had it up to fourteen thousand so i when i settle the litigation i got the money in and i wanted to pay off anybody we owed money to and i had a member of the new york fed uh... in fact the largest owner of new york fed stock of all the new york fed banks and i owe them fourteen thousand dollars in a credit card so i sent them a letter and i said uh... you know dear sirs uh...
It turns out that IOU 14,000 on the credit card, and it turns out U.S. depository for the U.S. government, oh, me as a citizen, 14,000.
So I'm asserting a common law right of offset, my 14 against your 14, and I am treating this credit card as extinguished, the debt is extinguished.
If you have a problem with that, here's the name and address and telephone number for my attorney, and I'd be happy to negotiate or litigate, you know, sincerely yours.
And they wrote off the credit card and I never heard from them again.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I decided to get my $14,000 back.
Now, what we have proposed, we have a wrap up on taxation, which I would recommend everyone, certainly a subscriber, read a subscriber only in it.
It describes a.
Proposal that citizens get together within a state and do a tax escrow under the Attorney General's office.
And the state auspices where they escrow their taxes.
So, what I found when I was assistant secretary of housing is we had.
Many, many neighborhoods where if you look at all the money going into the into the neighborhood from the federal government through the state and local, you know, or direct, we were spending, for example, 250,000 to construct public housing when 50,000 would buy and rehab a single family home in that neighborhood.
So we were paying, you know, five times for one housing unit, you know, what could produce five housing units.
And so what I proposed is the state literally say, you know, something will collect the taxes and we have an obligation under the Constitution to make sure.
that you stop spending the money illegally because that's the problem the federal government is violating all the financial management laws and it's spending money in criminal ways that are illegal and say you know okay with respect to you know here's money for the interest on the public debt and here's money for the military and with respect to all the money you're spending sending back here we are just going to take this money and radically re-engineer these functions but we will take responsibility and if you have a problem with that let's litigate
And the question is, would a state AG and governor be willing to do that?
Because that to me is the solution.
You don't want to be, you know, it was very funny.
I did my one thing with the bank, but I don't think that works.
You know, not everybody's prepared to do that kind of litigation.
And so I think we have to organize the citizens to do that.
And it's one of the things the states could do, particularly if they do go to the bother of setting up a sovereign state bank.
The one state that still has a sovereign state bank, many states used to have it, but the one that still has one is doing fantastically better than everybody else.
It's got the best financial position of any state in the country.
And one of the reasons is they've done a fabulous job of
maintaining a very rich small banking and credit union infrastructure with the help of the sovereign state bank.

[SPEAKER_05]
Which state is that?

[SPEAKER_02]
North Dakota, listed by Truth and Counting, is the number one financial sound state in the country, Tennessee being number two.
And we've tried very hard to sort of encourage – Tennessee has constitutional reasons to not do a sovereign state bank, but I would love to see the community bankers get together and do the equivalent of a New York Fed for the state, which could provide very similar functions.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right, well, I'm going to finish off with one last question from Skade Davidson.
How can I find out if my credit union is engaging in social credit scoring?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, that's a good question because there is now software meant to identify through your bank or credit union.
I'm trying to remember what the name of we have a Cori Lynn wrote a big article that we sponsored that's up at Solarian Cori Lynn site.
Cori digs and it's on the software that they're using to identify and code using merchant codes what you are
you know, where your money is going and what it's for.
And that's part of the infrastructure they need to do the social credit.
So what you want to do is you want to find out what software they're using to identify and report how you're spending your money.
And so I would
You know, if you're in a credit union, you're a member and you have the right to go to the annual meetings and other meetings and ask questions about this.
And I would just talk to them very openly about your concern about social credit systems and the use of software that identifies, you know, and starts to break down what you're spending your money for that can be used to aggregate and look at things like carbon use, et cetera.
I would be very open and ask them about these systems.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great, I'll probably do the same with mine.
Catherine, it's been just an outstanding conversation and such an honor having you here with us today.
Thank you so much for being on BSRF live, even though this is a prerecord.
We will run it live after Kennedy's confirmation hearing.
Steve, any final thoughts or comments or questions for Catherine before we let her go?

[SPEAKER_05]
It's been fascinating.
Thank you so much.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Thank you.
I'm glad to come back to deep dive crypto whenever you want.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you remind our audience.
You know, it's something that I've always looked at.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme.
No, I get that.

[SPEAKER_05]
No, that's what I was referencing.
And of course, Tether is my favorite Ponzi scheme.

[SPEAKER_02]
But Bitcoin just seemed... Do you believe Tether is 100% collateralized?

[SPEAKER_05]
No, absolutely not.
Do you?
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I'm in the process of looking into that and working with some other people to look into that and I haven't researched it.
So in my experience, nothing in the financial system run by a primary dealer is ever fully collateralized even when they say it isn't.
And I would point out to BlackRock's credit,
When they provided the disclosure for the Bitcoin ETF, they made it clear they had no obligation to be fully generalized.
They did a very good job of helping you understand this could be totally air.
Totally air.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
But I think that the very fact that Tether has never, as far as I know, Tether has never disclosed where the money is.
is terrifying.
And I've talked to people who are in that space and they say, yeah, but if tether collapses, the whole thing crashes down.
It seems like it's built on
I don't think that was fully collateralized.

[SPEAKER_02]
So my suspicion is it's not, but I can't prove that.
But what I will say is the use of stablecoin to build more markets for Treasury bills
is very, very serious.
And so there's going to be a real push to collateralize some because they want to push as much money into dollars into Treasury bills as they can using stablecoins.
So it's a very clever strategy.
I mean, basically, you're going to use stablecoins to get everybody around the planet behind the back of their sovereign governments into the dollar.
I mean, you're dollarizing the rest of the planet.
I mean, you can't do it in China or, you know, you can't do it in Russia, but they can get a lot of countries dollarized using it.
It's a little bit about, it's sort of the high tech version of the palace they used to sail over, fly over to the Iraq during the war.
It's a way of dollarizing a huge portion of the global population.
It's very clever.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, but could you create a stable coin that's basically tied to US treasuries instead of dollars?

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, that's what they're doing.
In other words, you get your dollar in, you buy treasury bills.

[SPEAKER_05]
But I'm saying what is on what you own is the treasury, not the stablecoin.
Because when you buy a stablecoin, it's tied to the US dollar.
It's redeemable for a US dollar.
But if the stablecoin was redeemable for a US treasury,
then that's a different animal.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, because then you're saying that you own the collateral.
In theory, you could do that as long as you're willing to concede to the guy running the system the yield on your treasury to make the system.
I mean, you've got to make the system economic.
But you could do it, and it's kind of like integrating an asset tokenization with it.
But yeah, there's no reason why you couldn't do that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Katherine, can you remind our audience where they can find you and your work?

[SPEAKER_02]
So I published the Solaria report.
You can find it at solari.com.
And there's a wealth of information, which is all public.
We do a lot of public policy work to try and support financial freedom.
And you can get all of that at our website for free.
But then we'd love to have you as a subscriber.
We publish four wrap ups a year.
and put them out in a hard copy.
We're a great believer that sometimes you just need to have a physical document to read.
And what we try and do is make the financial system understandable and clear for you so that you can navigate both the official reality and reality.
What we say at Salaria is the official reality is for the cocktail party.
Reality is for the investment of your time and money.
You need to know both and you need to know how to navigate both.
And that's what we try and do.
We try and make it easy and fun.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wonderful because most people get a little overwhelmed by all of this information.
So accessible and fun is good.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it can it can all be made understandable.
I mean, so I can look at a bridge and know it's a bridge.
I don't need the architectural specifications to understand it.
You know, so what we try and do is, you know, some things will do the architectural specification like what the states can do.
The legislators need to know the nuts and bolts, but a lot of people just need to know, oh, it's a bridge.
You know, so we try and make it, you know, in layers, it's like a pyramid and you can make it simple and clear and or you can make it really detailed.

[SPEAKER_04]
Great, great.
Well, go to Salari.com.
And Katherine, will you come back later on after Bobby's confirmed later in 2025 to follow up on progress?
Excellent.
Well, we look forward to it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, this is trench warfare, OK?
So we now, with Bobby getting confirmed, we are pulling into the starting gate.
That's the beginning of the war.
It's the beginning of the campaign.
So we have to be good outsiders and make it easy for the insiders to make progress, right?

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly.
We have to hold our end on the outside.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_05]
By the way, before we end here, I want to say one thing, which is interesting progress that I learned about yesterday in a phone call that I just happened to make to someone in the military, a doctor in the military.
And what I learned was that the DMED database, which had been reset
There was a Ron Johnson hearing where it showed all these bad effects of the COVID vaccine in the DMED database.
This is the Department of Defense medical database.
They reset all of that to show that the vaccines weren't causing any problems at all in the military and everything was happening in 2016, which was a banner year for all sorts of injuries.
I just learned yesterday that the DMED database was reset.
So now it's back to where it was before.
So now the COVID vaccines are dangerous according to the DMED database.
So things are starting to move.
I want to make sure that Bobby knows that.
Yeah.
We got to follow up on that one.

[SPEAKER_02]
Here's the thing.
There are allies everywhere.
Everywhere and and when they start to do things, you know I'm telling you you just never know until you refuse to give up what can happen and their allies everywhere I think their allies everywhere throughout the federal government.
They don't like this.
That's what I discovered I discovered people throughout the bureaucracy who would You know go to work and they might not stand up, but they'll put it under my windshield wiper Yep, that's reassuring

[SPEAKER_05]
We got to get that windshield wiper back.
Maybe I can borrow it for a couple of days.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, tell Bobby to get a Corvette.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, there you go.
With windshield wipers.
Right.
Make sure they're not recessed.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, thank you again, Catherine.
It's been an honor and a pleasure having you here.
And we'll see you again next time.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Goodbye.

[SPEAKER_04]
And we're back.
That was such a great interview, Steve.
We've had a lot of great guests at interviews, but I got to say that that was one of my favorites right there.
She's fantastic.

[SPEAKER_01]
And you're muted.

[SPEAKER_05]
And now we know where she hides the Bitcoin.
You go into Tennessee, aren't you?
I know where she hides the Bitcoin.
Really?
Where does she hide the Bitcoin?

[SPEAKER_04]
She talked about that.

[SPEAKER_05]
You didn't hear?

[SPEAKER_04]
The Bitcoin?
Oh, yeah.
First time I heard someone say, I think, Ponzi scheme and Bitcoin.
So interesting to see how that continues to play out.
Tulips.
Tulips.
Tobacco.
I'm sure you learned a lot during that conversation.

[SPEAKER_05]
It was a great perspective.

[SPEAKER_04]
All right, well, I want to bring on our next guest.
We have not had our next guest on in a little bit, and we're going to get a quick, or not so quick update.
I'm going to bring on Nurse Angela and Alexis Lorenz.
Welcome to VSRF Live, both of you.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_00]
Great, love you on Steam.

[SPEAKER_03]
My volume is really low.
Okay.
Hi everyone.
How are you guys?

[SPEAKER_04]
We're doing well.
It's so good to see both of you.
And I just want to remind our audience a little bit about both of you.
For those that are not familiar with Alexis Lorenz, she experienced an immediate and severe adverse reaction to three vaccines given to her back to back.
At the time, Alexis was at a hospital to receive treatment for an unrelated health condition called pariximal nocturnal hematuria.
The hospital refused to treat that condition unless she received the meningococcal vaccine.
For unexplained reasons, she was given three vaccines without being informed of the potential dangers.
Within minutes, Alexis had multiple severe reactions and has been fighting for her life for the last four and a half months in an ICU.
Nurse Angela on our VSRF team, who has 25 years of experience as a registered nurse and has been Alexis's advocate, helping her navigate this horrific experience.
And again, welcome both of you back to VSRF Live.
And a lot of
Every week, we have questions, Alexis, to update them on how you're doing.
So I'll start with that question.
How are you doing?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm doing OK.
Things have not been the greatest recently with my neck.
this healing process has been insane.
Um, I'm happy that it is more shown now and not all wrapped up and there's certain spots on my head.
Like this whole side is healed right here.
Um, but the whole front is still open.
So there's, it's like a back and forth game of good one day and then terrible the next.
Um,
but I just try and do what I can to stay hydrated and healthy and whatever.
Cause that's at least the, like, or that's the least I can do.
And then I don't really know how to explain it.
It's just been weird recently, but not in the worst way.
There's still good moments coming out of everything.
And Angela last week, or no, two weeks ago, most, yeah, I miss her.

[SPEAKER_00]
You're in my heart every day, though.
I, there's not a day that goes by that you're not on my mind when I wake up in the morning and go to bed and we get to talk throughout the day.
So yeah, it's hard.
It's really hard being away from her because I still, you know, I still feel like I'm battling every time the doctors come in her room, I just get this pit in my stomach because it's a constant battle today.
Another one.
was bombarded by four of them at once.
And, you know, they tend to wait until I leave or I'm not there to make changes and, you know, throw things on Alexis that she's not quite ready for.
They know when I come and they know when I go.
And so it's just been a balancing act.
And, you know,
Having listened to Catherine Austin Fitz, you know, about the insiders and this windshield, you know, people that are on the inside that would leave things on her Corvette.
I feel like we've had that in the hospital.
There's been some really great doctors and great nurses who have come forward and have acknowledged what happened to her and I've had some great doctors that have said, you know,
She got vaccinated.
And yes, she did have these reactions right after her vaccines.
And, you know, we're really sorry about it.
But then there's, of course, other doctors and they tend to be the higher up ones that'll say, oh, no, I just had one when I was there, Alexis, that told me that this could not have been related to the vaccines because if her reaction would have had to happen two weeks later, then we could say that it was from the vaccines.
But because vaccines don't start working for two weeks,
the fact that she had an immediate reaction tells us that it's not the vaccines.
And that explained to him that she's lived with this condition for over a year and they were getting ready to send her home.
Her choices were to go home or to try this experimental drug that they were giving her and she needed to be vaccinated to get that.
So if she was well enough to go home,
She was well enough to go home at that point.
And so these doctors that are saying, oh, it's got to be her disease process.
It's got to be the parvovirus.
They refused to look at the fact that she got three medications and had this horrific immediate reaction.
And it's probably the most frustrating thing.
But I do.
I have felt some comfort in knowing that there are people that are inside that hospital that know what happened to her.
And like Catherine said, we just need more and more people speaking out.
and talking about it.
So, but Alexis is definitely, I know she's getting better, that she does have a long road ahead.
You know, last week we worked a lot on physical therapy.
You can see on her neck where she's got healing.
She's got a lot of, you know, when you have scars and wounds like that, your neck muscles get really stiff and tight.
And so, you notice when she moves,
Um, she's very stiff, so trying to get her to do exercises and move around, um, which causes an incredible amount of pain.
Um, and I know that this, you know, she's been fighting for her life for, you know, over four months, but part of the real challenge actually begins now because this is when the hard work needs to be done to kind of get her back to living a normal life and being able to tolerate being on her feet.
You know, she's been in a, in a bed in an ICU for four months.
which is really hard physically on your body.
You know, just being able to get and take a shower or get up and move around.
So she's got a long road ahead and the beautiful thing is she's brave and she's strong and she's a fighter.
She doesn't quit.
She speaks out.
She's the strongest girl that I've ever met.
So she'll get there.
And I know with all the love that she feels from all of our viewers and our listeners and all the people out there has definitely gotten her through this hard time.
She reads everybody's messages and hears everybody's prayers and you know she feels the love and I don't think without that she would have gotten through what she's been through.
So are you okay babe?
You can cry, it's okay.
You've been through a lot.

[SPEAKER_03]
yeah it's too much for one person to handle and then constantly over and over again hear how i'm wrong and that it was because i had some kind of virus or some kind of my sickness before all of this is due to me like i didn't it was either go home and have to come back the next day because my hemoglobin would have dropped right back down with it being at a 4.2 when she gave me the vaccine
or stay and have to get the medication that I'm eventually going to need anyways.
I can't live like this forever fighting like this.
It was awful.
Excuse me.
So either go home or.
like, and die almost, but not really or stay here and get vaccinated and only get one vaccine.
And then they come in with the three and don't explain it to me.
And we did some research, how we found that she had only tested the doctor administered the, it was called the test run of the new vaccine thing that they were not
vaccine, the new pill that they were making for P&H.
We found something that said that she had only tried it on patients in between like the 50 to 60s age range.
I think I was her first subject as young as me, like they're
But then this age, I'm like in such shock right now, I can't speak.
Um, I was the first person within this age range that she was able to test it on.
So that made even more sense when we found that out.
And then, but just being a test subject without my agreement and being used to one of the worst advantages you could ever be used for is just a lot.
And then being here as long as I have has been taking a toll on me.
That will be all good as a process.

[SPEAKER_00]
Such a hard thing, you know, the hard thing for me too, Steve, is that one of you is that, um, you know, when it first happened, had they, had they acted.
immediately, you know, whether it was from PNH or parvovirus, which I know in my heart it's not.
We've had other doctors that actually have written articles and weighed in about it, that this definitely she was fragile, that she should have never been given three shots back to back with her, you know, immunocompromised state that she was in.
But even
Even if they were thinking, which I believe in my heart, that they wanted the best for her.
I mean, I truly believe that we've had this conversation and Alexis might not feel that way.
I feel that, you know, I think people do want good outcomes for patients, but when things go wrong, you've got to be there to take care of them.
And something drastically went wrong after she got three shots.
And it was so drastic that she couldn't talk.
She had lock jaw.
She was vomiting.
She was bleeding out of her nose.
She lost her vision.
And those were the critical moments where they should have stepped up.
They should have taken good care of her.
They should have acknowledged that there was a problem.
And, you know, instead that didn't happen.
It seemed like
you know, from just hearing those nightmare three days before I got there was that she was on the call light.
And I, Steve and I actually experienced one of those moments.
And that's what led me to go down there was she was on, she was screaming for about an hour and a half.
And there was nobody coming into her room.
And her sister had to make a bathroom on the floor next to her bed.
She would spend hours on a call light for water.
Meanwhile, her face is exploding.
She's getting this purpura.
and thrombosis all over.
And had they taken her seriously?
I know that her outcome would have been different.
Had they treated her for this, you know, mast cell hyperimmune response that she was going through, I don't think she'd be in the shape that she's in right now.
And that's what makes me sad because I know in medicine, things can go wrong.
And new drugs come on the market and people have to be,
tested and tried for them, but patients should have full and form consent.
And then if something does go wrong, you step in and you take really, really good care.
And I have a really hard time knowing as much as I love Alexis and just how sweet and beautiful of a person that she is, those three days before I got there, what she went through.
It was living hell.
I mean, she called 911 from inside the hospital to get help because she was dying.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
I've never heard of that before.

[SPEAKER_00]
I've never had a patient ever call 911 from inside.
I've never even heard of that.
And I mean, Steve, you were there on the phone with me when we were talking to her that night, like the screams that were coming out of her.
I don't know how there wasn't everybody in your room taking care of you, Alexis, with you screaming that loud, you know, and looking as bad as you looked.
I mean, I don't know if people remember what she looked like in the beginning, but she looked, her face was three times the size, you know, her hair was falling out and clumps, her skin was so
edematous from this, you know, I believe inflammatory response from the vaccines that her skin was breaking open.
And it just was very shocking to me, the level of care that she received during that time.
I've never seen anything like it in medicine.
And I really, I feel like it's because of the vaccine issue.
I feel like if she was a cancer patient, or if she was a patient that had an anaphylaxis to a peanut, things might be different.
But because
You know, we can't talk about the vaccines.
We can't talk about the harms that are caused by them.
We can't, we can't go there.
You just have to ignore these patients and I'm seeing it across the board.
I have patients right now who are in palliative care.
I have patients right now who are getting ready to go on hospice care.
I have patients that are CPS is going after their children because they're, they're being homeschooled in countries where it's illegal to homeschool, but the parents are terrified to put their kids back in school because
You have to be forced to take vaccines to go to school.
And I think all of us collectively need to speak up.
And I can't be more happy to hear once Bobby is confirmed, because I do have hope that we can make change.
And I'm so proud of Alexis for being
So, so sick, but yet wanting to save people's lives.
You know, one of her, her first things she wanted to do is, you know, besides save her life is to let the world know so that this wouldn't happen to anybody else.
And I'm, I'm so proud of you Alexis for doing that because that took strength and courage.
You're brave.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
It was scary, but I genuinely thought I like only had a few hours left and I was like, this is not
going to go unheard.
This is insane for something like this to go unheard.
I need to, even if I got five views, luckily I got a lot more than that.
But even if I just got five views, at least those five people would see and know what happened.
So

[SPEAKER_00]
And just to educate, I mean, there's even another doctor that I spoke with that happened to reach out on Steve's platform.
And he's a hematologist.
And he said to me, he said, gosh, I'm really glad that Alexis shared her story because I take care of PNH patients.
And I didn't realize that this could happen by giving vaccines like this.
And so I'm going to proceed much more cautiously with my really fragile patients because of what happened to Alexis.
So I know a lot of good has come out of
your tragedy, Alexis, and we have your back and we're gonna be there with you every step of the way and you're changing the world.
So I'm so proud of you for having the strength when you're going through such a hard time.
And she's got the sweetest little face and she's so kind, but when you see her sometimes, when I go down there, I stay with her and I'm by her side on the floor.
And what people don't see is like the crying.
all night long and the pain and the suffering and, you know, just trying to do her exercises, which then leads to this enormous amount of pain that she's experiencing and hearing her whimper.
She actually cries in her sleep, which is so heartbreaking for me.
I mean, I barely slept when I was there in between, you know, we would kind of, we would be up all night long, but during the day when she sleeps, she just cries in her sleep.
And Samantha and I would kind of jolt up and look over to make sure she's okay and she's like full of sleep.
And I don't know what you're dreaming about or if you're in pain while you're sleeping, but your body is going through a lot.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
What is the status with the...
I know you've got some lawyers on this.
What's the status on any sort of legal assistance?

[SPEAKER_00]
That won't really happen until she's out of the hospital when they get all of her medical records and they have people reviewing it.
And I know Dr. Hooker is gonna
be looking and taking a deep dive and writing a paper on her.
So yeah, that begins.
I mean, they're collecting everything as we speak, but that really starts.
And I think that that is a great idea because since she's still in the hospital, she needs to, you know, you don't ever want to start a lawsuit while someone's in a hospital.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Makes sense.

[SPEAKER_00]
You want them to take really good care of you.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good plan.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, I have to say like the nurses have been really, really sweet and the doctors are on her and the burn team there is, is wonderful.
Um, so that the focus is just getting her better and getting her out of there and getting her back home again.
And, and, and once she gets home, it's going to be a long journey.
It's going to be a lot of, you know, we still haven't dealt with the vaccine injury portion of it.
Her gut being, you know, destroyed and,
getting her, her general health back and, um, it's a, it's a very long road.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
What are the financial implications?
Uh, are they going to charge her millions of dollars for her, for staying in the hospital?

[SPEAKER_03]
They can charge whatever they want.
You're not getting nothing from me.
I'm not doing that.
Yeah, they're, they're.

[SPEAKER_05]
How long, how long have you been in the hospital?
I mean, it's been so long since.

[SPEAKER_03]
September 10th, when I got here, it's what is the first?
No, it's the 30th.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, almost five months.

[SPEAKER_00]
In an ICU, I can't imagine what the bills are.
I really can't imagine.

[SPEAKER_04]
And do they give you any sort of idea of how much longer?
I know we were hoping by the end of 2024, and we're at the end of January, what's the prognosis on actually trying to go home?

[SPEAKER_03]
When they had first brought me here, they thought I was going to be all healed up by October.
And we all were like, maybe that's a little soon, but let's hope so.
And then just kept getting worse with the skin trying to heal, but it was all burnt and black and huge lumps all over my head.
So that extended our time.
And then earlier,
In the month of things at the beginning of January, I think, yeah, at the beginning of January, my doctor, one of the burn surgeons came in and he was talking to me about what is he, what like an estimate of when I hope and think I would get out and
Same thing with him.
He said the beginning of February, and I said maybe the middle of February to the end.
That's what I'm hoping for, because we know that this is a long process.
And he said, well, how about Valentine's Day?
We'll just make it right in the middle of the month.
And we were believing that, but since there's weird stuff going on with the healing process again,
He said today that he still thinks I have a few, more than a few more weeks left.
So.

[SPEAKER_00]
We see light at the end of the tunnel though, but it's that way.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
You look, you look so much better.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_05]
For sure.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
I am trying to coordinate and find her doctors outside.
We have a great functional medicine doctor that she's going to see.
But just recently, last week, I was, uh, you know, speaking to an interviewing,
One of the doctors, her hematologist, and I'm just so happy that we're actually at that place where we could actually transition her care from inside of the hospital to outside of the hospital.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's a shame.

[SPEAKER_05]
It's a shame you can't testify at RFK's hearing about how safe and effective vaccines are and how we all know how safe and effective they are and that RFK shouldn't get rid of any vaccines at all.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, I would love to walk in there and speak with them about it.
But no, they don't even let me speak.
So I don't think they would let me.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Have you been watching the hearings?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, we watched.
To me, my sister was watching the one from today.
Oh, good.
Watch the one from yesterday.
But we.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what do you what do you think?

[SPEAKER_03]
Um,

[SPEAKER_05]
What's your reaction to what you're what you're hearing?
It's almost like they're in a different world, isn't it?

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, it's like they're just I don't get it.
And then we noticed that.
Um, a lot of the females that were on the panel were just like screaming at him and I was like, what is happening?
Um, and, but even certain males, both genders, whatever, um, you could tell like certain ones would let him speak, but majority of them were just like screaming over him and, and refusing to let him get a word in and would ask a question, but then wouldn't let him answer.
And I was like, okay, so clearly.

[SPEAKER_05]
You're noticing the technique they use.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_05]
And that was a yes or no question.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Great.

[SPEAKER_04]
They spend more time talking about how they're running out of time than actually letting them speak and answer the questions.

[SPEAKER_05]
I only have five minutes.

[SPEAKER_03]
I've noticed that too.
They did that like all today.
And I was like, oh my gosh, what is happening here?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
The most, the most vile, disrespectful people were on display the last two days.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.
It's, it's really sad.
It's, I really, really sad, but a lot of hope because I, I'm, I'm more hopeful than ever that he will get sworn in and he will start to make change and I'm, I'm optimistic it will happen.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
I hope so too.

[SPEAKER_04]
I'm, I'm optimistic as well that, that Valentine's Day target for you, Alexis is, is realistic in that you'll, you'll have a wonderful Valentine's Day present and get out of that hospital.

[SPEAKER_03]
That was sounded wonderful.
I don't like, I don't know why they chose that day, but they go ahead and think that I would go out of it, but it's a goal.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's a goal.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, at least it's a goal.

[SPEAKER_00]
She gets out.
I'm going to drive down there and help her because she's, she's had to live in the hospital.
So I'm going to drive down there and help get her moved out of the hospital into a place nearby, um, near Los Angeles where these great doctors are that will be taking care of her.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
So, so are the people taking care of you?
Are they hoping that RFK gets confirmed or is that not a topic of conversation?

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm not a topic for conversation and I'm pretty sure they don't.
want that.

[SPEAKER_00]
They know, they know that we're all on his team, though.
I mean, gosh, when we're there, it's like all we wear is, you know,

[SPEAKER_04]
Onesies, right?
You are the onesies.

[SPEAKER_00]
All the BSRF logo we wear.

[SPEAKER_03]
A lot of BSRF shirts.

[SPEAKER_00]
They're always reading our shirts.
Every time I go down there, I always have a message for them written on my shirt and all that.
That's what the doctors do.
They look at me.
Hey, Angela, how are you doing?
And they look to see what I'm wearing.
I wear that onesie that I bought you, the critical thinking.
T-shirt, yeah, just little subliminal messages.
Yeah.
Humor being in a hospital night and day with these people that

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, Angela and Alexis, thank you for coming on and updating us and keeping us informed with your status.
I really do pray and hope for you to continue to get better and well.
You do look a lot better than last time we saw you, and I can feel the improvement happening.
Yeah, we're pulling for you.

[SPEAKER_00]
We're going to put it to people that are able to, if you're not able to please pray, send love, send messages, but if you are able to help her, we greatly appreciate any amount is, you know, is welcome just with her long journey ahead.
And she's got to give butter account.
We'll have that put in the chat in the rumble link.
But what is it's give butter.

[SPEAKER_03]
Give butter.com slash Alexis slash save Alexis.
Oh, yes, that slash save Alexis.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's in the chat right now.
Give butter.com slash save Alexis.
If you can help with Alexis's long struggle in the hospital, it'll go like, um, we need to buy her a wheelchair.

[SPEAKER_00]
We, um, I would really like to have while I'm not there, um, is have somebody to come over.
every day and do PT with her and also check because of her PNH.
She does need to have hemoglobins and hematocytes checked and just have a nurse that's by her those first few months on her own to transition just to make sure she's safe.
And so just a lot of therapy and the lack of ability to work.
She was working full time before she got the three vaccines.
She went into the hospital with a couple of jobs and now is
has not stood for more than a couple of minutes.
And so she'll be in a wheelchair.
It's going to be a very long road for somebody who's 23 years old to not be able to work.
And so she's really just relying solely on the donations to rent a place near these doctors that are going to help her and get herself better.
So I appreciate all the people that have helped so far and all the love and prayers, I think, have been just as powerful for her on this journey.
So keep those going too.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes, they have all the prayers welcome I tell everybody that on my.
Instagram every time like going to the or today all prayers welcome and needed, thank you, I tell everybody God bless them.
Because with how many people have helped out so far he's truly blessed me through this rough phase, but he chose me for a reason so.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah, that's the other thing too.
She still goes to the operating room once a week and gets put under twice a week.
No, it's once a week.

[SPEAKER_05]
Why is that?

[SPEAKER_00]
They've got to go in and clean her wounds that are still open to breathe.
And it's so painful, Steve, like there's so many nerve endings on your head, neck and face.
And so nerve damage is excruciating.
So in order to clean it and put the ointment and wrap her head, she's got to be put under because the pain is
beyond colorable.

[SPEAKER_04]
So you are a brave young woman, Alexis.
I can't even imagine what you've gone through and continue to go through.

[SPEAKER_03]
It's been tough, but thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, thank you both again for for coming on tonight and
Hopefully we'll have you back on when you get out or right when you're coming out.
That would be really great to experience that with you.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, that's a really good idea.
Thank you, Steve.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm looking forward to that day.
I think it's going to be happening pretty soon.

[SPEAKER_03]
I hope so.
I'm ready to get out of here.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I can imagine.

[SPEAKER_03]
I need a real bed.
This stuff is, it's a rubber mat.
So we love that so much, just know.
But I'm ready to get out of here and I'll have to share the journey with you guys.

[SPEAKER_00]
Love you, honey.

[SPEAKER_04]
We love you, Alexis.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
I love all of you guys.
And again, as always, thank you for having me on the platform.
It really means a lot.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you for coming on.
Yes.
Thank you.
Thank you, Angela.

[SPEAKER_01]
Bye.

[SPEAKER_04]
Wow.
What an evening.
That's just such a tragic story.
And she did look a lot better than last time.
And so progress is being made.
So I want to remind everyone to stay tuned.
I'm going to be playing a clip from RFK's confirmation hearing that happened today.
So stay tuned for that at the very end of the show.
I'm looking forward to that.
Yeah, it's a solid clip.
And I want to, as we close that, I want to take a moment to remind you that VSRF is a 501C3 nonprofit organization.
And everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth depends entirely on your generous donations.
We rely on your support.
and those who believe in the importance of free speech, medical freedom, and exposing the truth.
Every donation directly fuels our mission, helping us continue to fight for our freedoms and those impacted by vaccine injuries.
If you believe in the work we're doing, we humbly ask for your support today.
Together, we can make a real difference.
And thank you for standing with us and for considering a donation to help sustain our vital work.
And you can donate hitting the QR code on the screen.
Right here, there's the QR code and you can go to our website at vaxsafety.org backslash donate.
The link is in the chat and tonight.
Let me go over here.
We have an original poem submitted by one of our amazing donors are in Illinois.
Illinois Medical Insurance told me to get your flu shot.
The best way to protect yourself safe.
When I ask for data, they cannot find.
Does safe mean safe for them?
Are they not liable?
Does best mean best for them?
They make the most profit.
Insurance companies have an army of math majors analyzing data.
Don't they know that vaccines are unhealthy?
So why are unhealthy vaccinated members more profitable?
Follow the money, keep on going.
Thank you for your unwavering support, R. And to everyone in our audience, your voice and generosity are what keep this community strong.
We appreciate you standing with us together.
We are unstoppable.
All right, let me stop sharing that and stand by for one second.
Got to do one other thing here.
Next week, Steve, we have another special show.
We have Dr. Kat Lindley coming on next week to talk about the bird flu pandemic.
And it's going to be a conversation you don't want to miss as it seems to keep spreading.
I know the egg prices are going up.
They're culling the chickens.
And it's going to be an important episode to find out what we can do about it and what's happening.
Are you finding difficulty out there in California, Steve, getting eggs at the grocery store?

[SPEAKER_05]
They're expensive.
You can get them.
They're expensive.

[SPEAKER_04]
Like double what kind of price are you looking at?

[SPEAKER_05]
You know, I don't do the shopping.
So yeah, I don't know what the prices are, but I know there was like what $10 it does and there are $12 it doesn't something like that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's good to maybe get a chicken coop and some chickens in your in your backyard that way.
There you go.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, I mean, the sad thing is that it doesn't, having eating eggs from a chicken that has bird flu is not a problem for people.
And the chicken that has bird flu becomes immune to bird flu after the chicken is over it.
So killing a whole flock of chickens makes no sense.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, well, we'll get to a little more information next week from Dr. Kat Lindley on what's going on.
And then finally, to close out tonight's episode, we leave you with a clip from day two of Robert F. Kennedy's Senate confirmation hearing for the position of HHS Secretary.
And yeah, I'll leave it there and you'll enjoy the clip.
Steve, great show tonight.
Great to see you.
And I know you have a lot of work to do this weekend on your debate.
And I hope that continues to go in your favor and everyone's favor.
Thank you.
All right, have a great weekend everyone.
Have a great weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_08]
You're a smart guy.
You're reading the medical literature and you're coming up with the recent medical literature on certain issues.
But here is both an older article summarizing lots of older articles
that have come out since the original refuted Wakefield article in the Lancet regarding measles and autism.
And here is somebody who, you know, it's, he said, he said, but somebody who said that previously you've had this presented to you.
So, back to me.
I'm a doc, trying to understand.
How convince me that you will become the public health advocate
but not just churn old information so that there's never a conclusion, as Senator Hasen suggested.
But that will become the influencer for people to believe, no, there's 1.25 million kids studied and there's no autism associated with measles.
You tell me, you see what my question is in there.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm going to be an advocate for strong science.
You show me those scientific studies, and you and I can mean about it.
And there are other studies as well, and I'd love to show those to you.
It was a study that came out last week, 47,000 nine-year-olds in the Medicaid system in Florida.
I think a Louisiana scientist called Mossin
that shows the opposite.
Oh, there are other studies out there.
I just want to follow this science.
I will do, if the science says, and I am wrong about what I've said in the past, as I said, I will publicly apologize.
There's many times I've been wrong about science.
If you look at my Instagram account, when I'm wrong, I apologize for it.
And I say I was wrong.
I don't have any problem.
Science is a process of challenging hypotheses with new evidence.
And scientists have to be able to admit when they're wrong.
Epidemiological studies, the Institute of Medicine has said repeatedly in 2013, 2017, when they investigated this, has asked CDC to do certain studies, animal studies, bench studies, observational studies, studies of the vaccine safety data link.
CDC has not done that.
Oh, I want them to do that, and I want the best science.
I can guarantee you on my word of honor.
And if you show me science that says that I'm wrong, I'm going to say I was wrong.
I don't have any problem.
There's nothing that would make me happier.
We need to be able to look at the science and get IOM involved in the National Academy of Sciences.
They're the ultimate arbiter of safety.
And one of the things we need to do, I think, is a subject that we haven't talked about here.
Why don't we know what's causing this epidemic?
Why hasn't CDC been looking at other hypotheses to determine the etiology of why we've had this dramatic 1,000% increase in this disease that is destroying our kids is probably the biggest issue.
Why don't we know the answer after 30 years of steady rises and autism rates?
I don't know.
We know the answer that we should know the answer.

[SPEAKER_08]
What was that?
What was that last article that you mentioned?

[SPEAKER_07]
That article is by Mawson, M-A-W-S-O-N.
and it's regarding measles and what?
No, it looks at the entire schedule and it says, it's a study of nine-year-old boys, 47,000-year-old boys from the Florida healthcare data.
Okay, let me, Senator Sanders.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you, and I find myself in the unusual and uncomfortable position of having to agree with Senator Cassidy's line of questioning.
Mr. Kennedy, in an interview in July 2023, you stated, quote, I do believe autism does come from vaccines.
And you have the end of quote, and you have praised a gentleman named Andrew Wakefield for his research.
Where, what studies you talk about the need to be science-based, got our information, good information to make decisions,
What studies have you utilized to come to the inclusion that vaccines cause autism?
I'm happy to sit down with you.
No, no, please.
Just answer me that.
I mean, look at the Mawson study, Senator.
The what?
Yeah.
Mawson, just look at that study.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, I will.
And that was published.
But I don't want to.
I wouldn't rest on a single study.
Right.
All studies can be bad.

[SPEAKER_09]
OK. OK. Don't mean to be rude.
I don't have a lot of time.
You would not be, I just heard you say you would not, could not be happier if you were proved wrong.
Mr. Chairman, I asked to put into the record 16 studies
done by scientists and doctors all over the world saying that vaccines do not cause autism.
Are you happy with that objection?

[SPEAKER_07]
Look at the IOM assessment of those 16 studies, Senator.
The IOM has assessed them.
But listen, let me get to it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Don't have a lot of time.
I apologize.
I'm happy to talk to you another time.
Don't have a lot of time.
Let's talk about COVID.
And I just want clarity on the issue.
Again, I apologize.
You have to be brief.
We don't have a lot of time.
Scientists have estimated that the COVID vaccine saved 3 million lives.
President Trump said COVID vaccine was, quote, one of the great miracles of the ages, unquote, you have said the COVID vaccine was the deadliest vaccine ever made, end of quote.
Was the COVID vaccine the deadliest vaccine ever made?

[SPEAKER_07]
The reason I said that, Senator Sanders, is because there were more reports on the VAERS system, on the vaccine adverse event reporting system, which is the only surveillance system, that and the V safe.
And there were more reports of injuries and deaths than any other, and all other vaccines combined.
But you were, was it the scientists that had saved 3 million?
According to VAERS.
I don't know, because we don't have a good surveillance system.
So you disagree with the scientific community that... Oh, I just, I'm agnostic because we don't have the science to make that determination.
Really?

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.
Prescription drug prices in America, as you know.

[SPEAKER_07]
And by the way, I think President Trump did an extraordinary job on Warp Speed because he wasn't just focusing on that one intervention.
He was focusing on that one.
And he called it a miracle, but you have cast doubts on its efficacy.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.
Prescription drugs.
We're going to make America healthy.
I agree with you that we have to need a revolution in the nature of food in America.
physical exercise, et cetera, very, very important.
But there are people who are gonna get sick and they have to go to the doctor and find out why.
One out of four Americans today cannot afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe because we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
We made some progress under the Biden administration of negotiating prescription drug prices with pharma.
First time that's ever happened.
Now yesterday you told me that the White House was going to issue something affirming their support for continuing those Medicare negotiations.
It turned out not to be quite accurate.
They came up with some bland statement, could have been written by Farmer.
Very specific questions.
Do you believe and will you insist
that Medicare continue to negotiate prices with the pharmaceutical industry so we can substantially lower prescription drug costs in America.

[SPEAKER_07]
President Trump has made it very clear to me that he wants to negotiate more.

[SPEAKER_09]
To negotiate is a big word, Bobby.
It's a big word.
It's the word you just used, Senator.
No, I use defend a particular law.
Will you defend the law
in the Eplation Reduction Act, which already is negotiating prescription drug prices.

[SPEAKER_07]
President Trump wants us to negotiate drug prices.
He wants the lower drug prices.

[SPEAKER_09]
So you're not telling me that you will defend the law that we passed, which has already had significant success.

[SPEAKER_07]
Well, the Congress, look, I'm going to comply with the law, Senator.
Congress perhaps the law, I'm swearing it out with the Constitution.
I'm going to comply with the laws.

[SPEAKER_09]
You're going to have a significant influence on health care policy, if you ask me.
And I'm going to comply with the laws.
Let me just say this in conclusion, Chairman Cassidy.
President Trump and Mr. Kennedy are quite right when they say that our system is broken.
They're right.
Our economic system today is broken.
Three people own war wealth in the bottom half of American society.
Wages have been stagnant for American workers for 50 years.
Economy is broken.
You know what?
Our political system is broken and corrupt.
You have a handful of billionaires in both political parties who contribute huge amounts of money to elect candidates in this room throughout the United States Congress.
That is a broken political system and a real threat to democracy.
Our healthcare system is broken.
And it's broken for some of the reasons that Mr. Kennedy indicated.
We have not paid attention to the fact that we have massive amounts of chronic disease.
We have not answered the question why in the richest country in the history of the world our life expectancy is lower than it is in countries far poorer than we are.
So I think in many ways President Trump
And Mr. Kennedy have asked some of the right questions.
Problem is their answers will only make a bad situation worse.
So let me ask Mr. Kennedy again.
If we want to make America healthy, will you assure the American people that you will fight to do what every other major country on earth does, guarantee health care to every single American?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm going to make America healthier than other countries in the world right now.

[SPEAKER_09]
Will you guarantee do what every other major country does?
That's a simple question.

[SPEAKER_07]
And by the way, Bernie,
You know, the problem of corruption is not just in the federal agencies.
It's in Congress too.
Almost all the members of this panel are accepting, including yourself, are accepting millions of dollars from the pharmaceutical industry and protecting their interests.

[SPEAKER_09]
I ran for president like you.
I got millions and millions of contributions.
They did not come from the executives, not one nickel of PAC money from the pharmaceutical industry.
in 2020 you were the single largest because i had four contributions from workers all over this country workers you were the single not a nickel from corporate you were the single largest pharmaceutical dollars no from workers in 1.5 million yeah out of 200 million all right but
