[SPEAKER_05]
There's a darkness upon me that's flooded in life In the fine print that tell me what's wrong and what's right And it comes in black and it comes in white And I'm frightened by those who don't see it When nothing is old, deserved, or expected
And your life doesn't change by the man that's elected If you're loved by someone you'll never reject it Decide what to be and go be it There was a dream to one day I could see it
I broke in and demanded that somebody free it.
And there was a kid with a head full of dials, so I screamed till I died.
In the background they tell you what's wrong and what's right And it flies by day and it flies by night and I'm frightened by those who don't see There was a dream that one day I could see it
Like a burning cage I'm broken and demanding that somebody free And there was a kid with a head full of doubt So I'll scream till I die and I'll ask for those bad thoughts to find me out
One day I could see it.
Like a burning cage, I'm broken and demanding that somebody breathe.
And there was a kid with a head full of doubt.
So I screamed till I died.
The last bit was a vow.
There's a darkness upon me that's flooded in life In the fine print they tell me what's wrong and what's right There's a darkness upon me that's flooded in life Hello And I'm frightened by those who don't see it

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on VSRF Live, two of the most influential voices in health freedom, Mary Holland and Stephanie Lucretio, take us behind the scenes at Children's Health Defense, sharing where the organization is focusing its energy and the critical role grassroots advocacy plays in defending medical freedom.

[SPEAKER_15]
the first president of Children's Health Defense, Lynn Redwood, who is a nurse practitioner and who's studied vaccines for over 20 years.
She is now going to be at the Centers for Disease Control advising as a special employee advising on vaccine policy.
So there's change coming.
The acting director at the CDC now is Jim O'Neill, somebody who'd been at HHS with Bobby Kennedy.
He's clearly aligned in carrying out this Make America Healthy Again agenda.
that does include a full-scale review of the vaccine schedule.
Over 50% of American kids have some kind of chronic health condition.
You cannot exclude the possibility that the vaccines are playing a role in that.
You absolutely cannot exclude that possibility.
The rise in chronic health conditions parallels the rise in vaccination.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and we're so glad you're here with us tonight.
We're honored to be joined by two of the most influential voices in the health freedom movement from Children's Health Defense CEO, Mary Holland and Director of Advocacy and Outreach, Stephanie Lucretio.
Mary and Stephanie will take us behind the scenes at Children's Health Defense.
sharing where the organization is focusing its energy this fall, the strategies fueling its momentum, and the vital role grassroots advocacy plays in defending medical freedom.
They'll also give us an exclusive look at their upcoming national conference, Moment of Truth, happening November 7th through 9th in Austin, Texas.
This year's theme highlights what's at stake today.
Protecting children's health and medical freedom is not just a cause, it's a calling.
VSRF is proud to be a sponsor of this important event.
With that, let's get started and join me in welcoming Vaccine Safety Research Foundation founder, Steve Kirsch.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
Steve, how are you this evening?
And you are muted.

[SPEAKER_09]
You are correct.
I am unmuted now.
So I'm good.
How are you?
I finally finished my algorithm, perfected my algorithm, and it all works and produces the results I had expected it to produce.
So there were no surprises, but it was good to finally get that done.
And now I have lots of graphs and I can go back to some of the other graphs and show that they confirm what the analysis shows, which is the vaccines were all harm and no benefit.

[SPEAKER_02]
And is this using the K core or is this?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, but I could actually just show it just from the raw data.
If you take the mortality data,
Just the mortality rate, the weekly mortality rate, what happens is you can pick some cohorts.
In fact, I picked a cohort of all ages, so I wouldn't be accused of cherry picking.
And I said the only constraint was that they had to have a DCCI score, which is a comorbidity score of greater than zero.
So they all have to have at least one or more comorbidities.
And that equalized the mortality rate, the weekly mortality rate in the vaccinated and the unvaccinated.
You'll never guess what happened right after the boosters rolled out to that mortality rate.
I have no idea.
It skyrocketed in the vaccinated.
It doubled in the vaccinated group.
And it went back to baseline.
And so they're all tracking.
These curves are all tracking.
They track no COVID.
And then when COVID comes, they track as well.
So they're completely tracking.
The boosters roll out.
The curves split because the boosters were rolled out during COVID in the Czech Republic.
So what happens after that is that when COVID is over,
the unvaccinated return to their baseline mortality and the vaccinated return to baseline times two mortality.
And we can actually see it happening right on February 1.
It's like they instantly separate.
It's a step function.
There's no way to explain that.
These are fixed cohorts.
They should not be separating.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, no, and we need this because I'm just seeing people reinforcing the misinformation about vaccines that they're safe and effective, that it's a modern miracle of technology and science.
And it sounds like those people are just doubling down, which is incredible.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's, you know, I talked to my retina doctor about it.
I said, hey, you know, one of the things I've been involved, you know, you've been helping me, I want to help you.
One of the things I've been involved in is studying this, the vaccine safety, the COVID vaccines, and we were lied to and the vaccines are not safe.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, no, that's impossible.

[SPEAKER_09]
They have to be safe.
I'm on the clinical trials and, you know, and da, da, da, da, da.
And he would have no part of, I said, yeah, but do you believe in science and data?
And he said, yeah.
And I said, OK, can I show you the data?
And he said, sure.
So I sent him the data I haven't heard from him.

[SPEAKER_02]
And if you try to follow up and say, Hey, are you going to call me back?

[SPEAKER_09]
I'll wait till he responds or see him in a month from now.
But I mean, it's just so typical.
People do not want to engage in anything that contradicts their belief system.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, not at all.
Now, speaking of where there's going to be people that will actually listen to your data, you're going to be speaking at the upcoming Children's Health Defense Conference.
Are you going to be sharing this at the conference?

[SPEAKER_09]
Absolutely.
Yeah, yeah.
I'll just talk.
I've got 20 minutes, so I'll talk about, hey, here are the five things I learned.
Excellent.
The shots do nothing and they kill you.
There's no protection and they kill you.
Okay.
That is the most important thing.
And by the way, nobody wants to challenge me on this data.
Nobody can explain this data.
Nobody can explain this data.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, they'd rather just.

[SPEAKER_09]
The problem is I can't get in front of the mainstream media.
I can't get any attention.
So nobody will know.
That's going to change at some point.
It's going to change.
Well, I hope.
Maybe I can get on Joe Rogan someday.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Well, we're going to get, uh, we're going to bring on.
The two special guests tonight, but before we do, I want to play a promo for the upcoming children's health defense conference, and then we'll bring them on right after.
So here comes the promo.

[SPEAKER_15]
History doesn't wait.

[SPEAKER_13]
This is our moment to rise, unite and reclaim our children's health.
Join us here in Austin, Texas this November at the Children's Health Defense Conference.

[SPEAKER_12]
In the wake of unprecedented medical overreach and censorship, the world is waking up and people like you are leading the way.

[SPEAKER_11]
We're at a turning point in history.
With the pandemic behind us, our fight for freedom and health has reached the global stage.

[SPEAKER_15]
This is our moment of truth and we're ready to seize it together.

[SPEAKER_04]
And Children's Health Defense has been at the forefront of this charge.
Our 2025 conference brings together the leaders, visionaries and lawyers who made it happen.

[SPEAKER_13]
Meet the parents whose lives were forever changed and hear from doctors who risked everything to speak out.
Stand with those who refuse to be silenced.

[SPEAKER_10]
You are going to hear from world-renowned speakers, doctors and frontline leaders driving the medical freedom movement.

[SPEAKER_12]
Discover real-world solutions grounded in science, integrity, and human rights.

[SPEAKER_15]
Join the discussion to talk about vaccines, informed consent, parental rights, and so much more.

[SPEAKER_13]
And you'll of course hear from your favorite CHD personalities, sharing the latest on CHD's research, litigation, and outreach.

[SPEAKER_11]
And while you're there, soak up the energy, culture, and music of beautiful Austin, Texas.

[SPEAKER_04]
Whether you're a parent, a practitioner, or a medical freedom advocate, this is your call to action to protect what matters most.

[SPEAKER_10]
Be part of the movement that is rewriting the story for generations to come.

[SPEAKER_13]
So please join us.
Join us.

[SPEAKER_15]
Join us.
Let's make history together in Austin.

[SPEAKER_02]
Mary Holland and Stephanie Lucretio, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_11]
Great, thanks for having us.
Thank you for having us.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's such an honor to have you here.
And I'm going to go ahead and read both of your bios back to back before I hand it over to Steve.
Mary has been a leading voice in the vaccine choice and health freedom movement for over two decades as CEO of Children's Health Defense.
She focuses on ending chronic childhood diseases, holding responsible parties accountable and protecting children's health through education, advocacy,
litigation, and research.
Before joining CHD in 2019, Mary directed the Graduate Law Lawyering Program at NYU School of Law for 15 years and lectured on international human rights advocacy at Columbia Law School.
She has testified in Congress, state legislatures,
and internationally on vaccine policy and informed consent.
Holland has co-authored or co-edited three books, Vaccine Epidemic, the HPV Vaccine on Trial, Seeking Justice for a Generation Betrayed, and Turtles All the Way Down, Vaccine Science and Myth.
She also appears weekly on CHDTV's podcast This Week with Marion Polly.
And Stephanie Lucretio is the director of advocacy and outreach at Children's Health Defense and a certified health and lifestyle coach and yoga instructor.
A dedicated and fearless mother, she relocated from New York to New Jersey after the state removed religious exemptions for vaccinations, preserving her family's right to make informed medical choices.
As founder of the Wellness Warriors Revolution, Stephanie has empowered many to achieve optimal health.
She holds a postgraduate degree from the International Dermal Institute.
and is a graduate of the Institute for Integrative Nutrition, certified by the American Association of Drugless Practitioners.
Stephanie is also a licensed aesthetician and a passionate speaker, author, and food activist committed to educating and inspiring individuals and families to advocate for their health, wellness, and freedom.
And again, it's just an honor and joy to have you here with us tonight.
Before I go, I want to remind our audience, if you have questions for Mary, Stephanie or Steve, please put them in the chat, all caps, and I'll get to as many as possible when I return for Q&A.
All right, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hey, Mary and Stephanie, good to see you again today.

[SPEAKER_10]
Likewise.

[SPEAKER_09]
So are you guys into data at all?
Do you want to see that data or I'll just jump right into the conference and everything else?
Sure.

[SPEAKER_15]
You sent me the check data yesterday.
It's incredible, Steve, that nobody will challenge you on this.
The essence of science is challenging one another.
And it speaks volumes that nobody will challenge you.
That should be the end of the story.
But as Livia pointed out, I was just watching a video today from the New York Times.
explaining to women that it's safe and effective to take COVID shots in pregnancy.
And you just, it boggles the mind that anybody could say that, let alone a journalist at the New York Times.
It's just appalling.

[SPEAKER_09]
So can you guys see my screen okay?

[SPEAKER_15]
Not yet.

[SPEAKER_09]
uh, Livio, let's see, I hit the share screen.

[SPEAKER_15]
There you go.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
All right.
So let me, so, so this is, uh, uh, these are fixed cohorts.
They were enrolled on, on this date with the red line.
So that means that nobody changes in the cohort.
The cohort should have a constant mortality rate unless there's some background events like COVID here.
So if we focus in on the green line and the blue line, that's these two lines here and see how they track since the beginning, beginning of time here.
the blue line and the gray line that's vaccinated and unvaccinated.
So they're tracking during COVID, even though these guys have been vaccinated and these guys have been vaccinated.
Isn't that interesting that they have the same mortality rate that's not supposed to happen?
And look, when there's no COVID, their mortality rate tracks as well here.
In fact, the unvaccinated do better during the no COVID period.
And their mortality rate here dips down low and goes and increases over time, just like mortality rates are supposed to do, because people don't get any younger.
They're down here, and then they go up, just as expected.
Now, for the vaccinated, look what happens here.
They track, they track, they track, they track through the big COVID wave here.
And then what happens is the boosters roll out, and look what happens.
The vaccinated don't go up.
here, but the unvaccinated, they track up to this point.
And then they instantly diverge.
Look at the mortality difference between these curves.
Like two weeks ago, these curves are like tracking each other, although it's a little bit hard to see.
But you can see it here.
They're tracking each other.
And then all of a sudden, they're not.
And the vaccinated
just skyrocket their mortality to about double.
By the time you get out here, you can see that the COVID is all gone.
And by the time you get out to, this is like the May timeframe here, these mortality rates are then, these are like 2000 and these are 4,000.
So the mortality rates went from matching to doubling.
after the vaccine rolled out.
Fixed cohorts, they're fixed back here in time.
They track each other through non-COVID and through COVID.
And then after the booster shots roll out, there's a 2X difference in the mortality rates.
You don't need any fancy modeling for this.
You don't need any fencing.
analysis.
You don't need any smoothing.
These are weekly crude mortality rate measurements in the two cohorts.
They match and then they don't match.
So that basically, you know, matching here all the way, you know, for almost a year from the start here where they're matching on
And then they diverge almost a year later.
Suddenly diverge almost a year later.
They match for almost a year, and then one is double the other one.

[SPEAKER_14]
Just to clarify, Steve, if I could, so the gray line is dose two, so they get a second dose.
And it tracks one dose and unvaccinated until a year later.
Is that what?

[SPEAKER_09]
No, we select them here.
So enrollment point is here, which means we say, how many doses did you have at this point?
Did you have zero?
This is one dose.
Zero is the blue line and gray is the.
So they were matching their mortalities when they were enrolled.
And they're fixed cohorts since then.
Most of the dose two people went on to get dose three.
So the beauty here is that we're tracking the same group over time longitudinally.
Now, what's supposed to happen when you get a vaccine is that the vaccines are supposed to reduce your chance of death.
You should be doing better than the other cohort.
Here, you're doing twice as high.

[SPEAKER_15]
And so those two people got more than a second dose.
They're fixed.

[SPEAKER_09]
They didn't get more than a second dose or they can get there.
They're fixed in time in terms of the enrollments, but they unvaccinated about 10 to 20% of them got the shots.
And then these people got more shots.
So they diverge in time.
We're just fixing them at one point in time.
And so the point is that two-thirds of them went for the booster.
And you can see the immediate impact
on the booster shots right after they happened and then it doesn't diverge anymore.
There's another shot and it'll diverge a little bit more because fewer people went for the second booster.
I guess they got smart after the first one.
But the divergence, the gap here doesn't change very much over time.
The big change is sort of pre-booster where they're tracking and post-booster where they're separated by a constant amount, basically.
So one graph tells the story.
Don't need any fancy analysis on this one, folks.

[SPEAKER_15]
Steve, the rectangle, which booster is that?

[SPEAKER_09]
The rectangle is just showing you where it goes from tracking.
So this is the first booster, basically.
The first booster was delivered starting in November here.
It was delivered and you can see that, okay, they're tracking their points and now they're diverging a little bit more, but you can really start to see it here because it started in November here and then it ramped up and they stopped it.
Essentially, everybody got their booster between November and February first.
So this is the end.
They all got their boosters.
The boosters are now working to do their magic, and their magic was separating the mortality rate between them.
And this just shows you, hey, here's the point where the magic happens, where they separated.
And you can't have a separation like this.
This is a huge separation.
I mean, this is an enormous gap versus just days earlier when essentially they're tracking each other.
So that's what we're, that's what we're up against.
So if I could get people to focus on that one graph, you know, I would love to get Peter Hotez, uh, to explain that to me and, uh, or, or, uh, Paul off it.
Now, wouldn't that be, wouldn't that be fun?
I mean, but we've never been able to get these guys on camera, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
It's cowardly and I have to say I've never seen a bunch of lines be so powerful in my life.
Like talk about a powerful picture that's painting the narrative of exactly what's going on in the world yet so many doctors do not want to have the conversation.
So thank you for sharing it.
I think it's so important that people see it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I guess it was Jake Scott who was in front of the panel, Ron Johnson.
I would have loved it if Ron showed Jake this graph and sent to Jake Scott, hey, you're an expert on infectious disease.
Could you explain this to me?
Why the mortality rate tracks for a year and then doubles right after they give them the booster?
Explain that to me.
You know, or any of these guys, I mean, Johnson ought to be bringing the CDC officials and asking them to explain this data.
It's stunning.
And of course, this is why we never have any data transparency.
Like, nobody's calling for data transparency.
None of these people who say the vaccines are safe, they're not.
Have you ever heard anybody who says vaccines are safe calling for data transparency?
Never.
I don't even have to do the research on that.
It's just obvious to anybody who's a critical thinker, right?
And yet these people think that, oh, well, there must be a reason that they're not making the data public.
Oh, it would be unsafe.
People can misinterpret it.
The misinformation spreaders would have a holiday and all this gaslighting that happens.
So, Mary, how do we stop it?
Stephanie, how are we going to be able to turn the tide?
um, during the, the opportunity that we have, uh, that was given to us.
I mean, we have this, this, you know, this incredible guy as HH has had of HHS and you know, the clock is ticking.

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah.
We're 10 months into it.
I mean, you know, are we going to turn the tide?
We, we, we plan to, we hope to, we, we, uh, you know, absolutely intend to, are we going to do it?
That's less clear, but we have to use this time.
Because as you pointed out, it's incredibly precious.
And sadly, I think you've got a video lined up.
I think Kennedy is calling for transparency.
He's not always successful with that.
We are calling for transparency.
We have to use freedom of information.
What you just showed us is very consistent with the Cleveland Clinic study, right?
That shows the more doses that you get as a health care worker at Cleveland Clinic, the more likely you are to get COVID.
The mortality data is even more impressive because nobody takes a vaccine hoping they're gonna be more likely to die, but that's what it shows.
And that's, I do think that the death data, frankly, the death data is I think what will get through to people.
I do think that what you just showed us will get through to people.
No one takes a medical intervention with the expectation that they will be more likely to die.
That is exactly the reason you never take medical intervention.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, and what's stunning here is that they say, well, if you're healthy, you probably don't need the COVID shot, but let's give it to people with comorbidities and so forth.
I just showed you what happens to the people with comorbidities.
It's not like,
benefited me like really went off the charts.
I mean that kind of effect that doubling of mortality that is worse than the normal people would get.
So recommending this to people with comorbidities is like that is unethical.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, we at Children's Health Defense have called for all of the mRNA products to be taken off the market.
Steve, they're clearly unsafe.
The VAERS data makes that absolutely clear as does the check data that you showed in so many other peer reviewed studies.
These products should not be on the market.
They should be taken off the market.
We also think that the COVID declaration of emergency should be withdrawn.
I mean, we're living in bizarre times.
And as you say, we need to take advantage of the moment that we have.

[SPEAKER_09]
So have you talked to Bobby at all about, hey, why not lift the emergency?

[SPEAKER_15]
No comment.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, OK. Well, I have.
And he said that there was some other reasons that they had to
keep that on, that if they revoked it, that something that they wanted to be on the market would have to be taken off the market or something like that.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, the declaration covers a lot of things.
It covers the Remdesivir, the Paxilvid, all the shots.
It's not just the shots.
It covers a lot.
And, you know, they're ongoing emergencies from Zika and from Ebola.
There are, I think, nine current emergency declarations in force.

[SPEAKER_09]
Are you optimistic that we'll be able to at least get the COVID, like getting the COVID shots off the market is a high priority for me.
Do you think that will happen during this period?
And what do you think will facilitate that?
And how is CHD sort of pushing the buttons to encourage that to happen?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, you know, already we've seen progress, Steve.
We have seen progress, right?
We've gone from it being a universal declaration to shared decision making to individual choice.
And we have these certain states up in arms.
Oh my God, it's not available at every pharmacy.
It's still being covered.
It's still available, but it's not being recommended.
And that's huge.
And there is this task force within the advisory committee on immunization practice
headed by Retsev Levy, who's shown himself to have real integrity so far.
And he's put some really strong scientists together to really look at the COVID shots.
So that gives me optimism.
Are they going to be taken off the market?
I don't know, Steve.
I wish I could give you a straight up answer on that.
I don't know.
Clearly, there's a lot at stake.
And I don't think we know all the machinations.
Candidly, I was
disappointed to see the president hobnobbing with the head of Pfizer on Tuesday, talking about how their best buddies and, you know, the US government is working with Pfizer to make its drugs available for less.
That truly was disturbing to me and did not speak to the commitment of the government to transparency, needless to say not of Pfizer, but
You know, these are things that the administration has said it's committed to.
So, you know, I think we're both, I'm both encouraged.
I do think that Secretary Kennedy is forging ahead and doing some very important work.
We saw he put out a video.
speaking back to Senator Cantwell about the childhood program, about the lies that she was telling about what vaccines have done.
But at the same time, we see things that are more discouraging, frankly.
So it's a mixed picture.
But I do have faith that Secretary Kennedy has his eyes on the North Star.
And our job outside of government is to push them to do more.
And we at Children's Health Defense are definitely doing that.
The conference is a part of that.
And Stephanie can speak eloquently to putting together the conference and bringing together these great hearts and minds to help push this forward.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, and I want to go back to the turn the tide question, because I feel like looking at what's happening with parents shows that the tide is turning.
Because if you look at vaccination rates amongst children, parents are asking a lot more questions now than they ever had.
So that is truly one of the silver linings of COVID is we are having these conversations in our doctor's office and on the main stage, which is a place that we've never been before.
So I'm really encouraged to see that.
And I think that those conversations
and continuing to educate parents from that place of just planting seeds and not trying to shake people down and make them see a certain way is really going to continue to move in the right direction and hopefully protect children from a lot of the mistakes that we've made in past decades.
So I am very encouraged by that.
And I think the conference is a great opportunity for people to come together
to continue that education and also to build community because it's not easy to be a parent today.
You know, there's so many decisions that we're faced with as parents today that we didn't have to deal with in my mother's generation and before that.
And I think that when people can really connect with the like-minded community,
There's a safe place for them to land to ask the questions to have those conversations without judgment, without criticism, but really to get that information.
And that's the goal.
And the intention behind the conference is to create that safe place for all people, no matter where they are on their journey to come together.
to connect, to learn, to grow in that education and to meet a lot of the people that are really leading the charge of medical freedom because at the end of the day we are one big health freedom community globally and I think that that's really what's powered this movement so far and what's going to continue to take us to the next level is that community.
So I'm really
Excited to bring together so many of the thought leaders in this movement.
We have so many people that are coming.
Suzanne Humphries will be there.
Peter Corey, Peter McCullough.
We have Senator Ron Johnson, Senator Rand Paul.
The list goes on on Russell Brands will be with us.
Catherine Austin Fitz, obviously our very own Mary Hollins is there, Andy Wakefield, Del Bigtree.
So we've put together a really thoughtful and intentional group of speakers that can come together to talk about where we've been as a movement, but more importantly, where we're going together.
Because I think we have to have our eyes set on not only fighting against the things that we don't want to see happen, but also co-creating this more beautiful world that we want to build for our children and future generations.
And that's always where my heart is.
when I'm creating something to bring people together.
So I'm really excited to see everything gelling and seeing so many people signing up and joining us in Austin, Texas.
It's November 7th to the 9th.
And we are getting to the place where tickets are very limited.
So you can see we have a really action packed agenda on November 7th.
We have our welcome reception and then November 8th.
We start bright and early.
with our sessions beginning at nine.
We have lots of intentional time placed in there for our vendors and exhibitors to also make those important connections with our community.
Put a lot of attention and effort into making sure that our menu is available and able to satisfy every different palette and dietary need because we know that we have a lot of people with specific needs there.
but we are hitting all the different marks and really trying to bring together every possible thing that you could think of that makes up this movement from the science to the legal stuff that's going on to the advocacy and everything in between.
So we're so excited to come together and to be with the people that are making this movement what it is.
We are in such a unique time in history and it's really exciting to think about where we were even two years ago at our last conference
rise and resist in 2023, the difference is so huge where we are now versus where we are then.
And I think if we can unite together and really keep the pressure on, keep activating, keep growing our community, keep filing lawsuits and doing the independent science and research studies,
The future is filled with possibility and limitless and I'm really excited to see in the next decade where we're going to land and hopefully once my son and some of the other children that are getting to that formidable age start to have kids, we will be in a completely different landscape then.
And that is why I wake up every day and do what I do.
So I'm putting a lot of love, thought and effort into creating a really meaningful experience for everyone who shows up with us in Austin.

[SPEAKER_09]
Awesome.
It's so, it's so, so hard to change people's minds.
And we all know that from our own personal experience.
I'm sure all of you that when you try to convince your family members that there are some family members that are just not going to move.
Is that am I correct or have you been able to

[SPEAKER_11]
I have a great story for that, and I think it's encouraging for people because at the beginning of COVID, my dad and I would fight.
We have, you know, those really intense arguments going back and forth, and he was having a really hard time believing that
Governor Cuomo or Anthony Fauci could be lying to us.
And it was very frustrating for me because I was protesting in April of 2020.
Like I knew right away this was not something I was standing for.
And he was horrified at what I was doing.
I would have to quarantine, wear a mask.
I couldn't see him for two weeks after being out in the public.
And it was tough.
I would lovingly and very gently continue to feed him information from Children's Health Defense.
This is before I was even really working for them.
sending him articles, sending him things from the defender, and it wasn't an easy road.
But one of the big changes came when things started to come out with the vaccine and he started seeing things going on on TV with people having reactions.
Anyway, we went from having to have mask visits, being socially distanced outside six feet apart to him standing with me and my mom.
In DC for defeat the mandates on opposite three corners, handing out flyers and stickers to complete strangers and giving them hugs with no mask on.
So I always tell people the story because if I can do it, I feel like anybody can.
And I think that the most important thing that we need when we're having these conversations.
It's to come from a place of love.
It's so easy to judge, to criticize and to try to make people wrong for their decisions.
And that immediately creates a situation where people are defensive.
When you can come from that place of just sharing and planting seeds, you disarm people and you make them feel like it's safe to ask questions.
It's safe to have a different opinion and that we can continue the conversation even though
you're not where I am right now.
And that is always what I tell people who are frustrated with family members or friends, because it is a contentious subject to this day for a lot of people, especially in the political landscape that we're living in, and it can be really challenging.
So don't give up, come from the heart, share the information, plant seeds, nurture them, and watch them grow, and it is very possible that you can have a turnaround.

[SPEAKER_09]
So your father went from on getting all the vaxes I can to I'm not getting any more vaxes.

[SPEAKER_11]
He didn't get any, he didn't get any, but he went from being very scared to being in public places and worrying about getting COVID and what could happen to saying with very a lot of emotion and belief that he was not getting any vaccine and then he wanted to support me at Defeat the Mandate.
So him and my mom came and it is a moment in my life with them that I will cherish
for the rest of my life.
I actually have my vision board in front of me and one of the pictures besides me being with Mary and Bobby at a fundraiser is my parents standing with me outside of the DC rally.

[SPEAKER_09]
And so is everybody in your family converted?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yes, I've converted all of them.
My immediate family has had the vaccine.
No one.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, I don't think, I think this may be the first story of someone who has everyone in their family on the right side of the science.

[SPEAKER_11]
My immediate me, my extended family, I have some people that are on the other side, but my parents, my sister, my husband, my son, nobody, my nephews, my nieces, nobody has had that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, so, so Mary, what, what are your stats on?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm not as far along as Stephanie by far.

[SPEAKER_09]
Don't, don't feel bad, Mary.

[SPEAKER_15]
Um, you know, to say, but I have to say along with Stephanie, I would say that, um, my father, uh, is past, but was a physician and, um, you know, like most physicians was pretty defensive and, you know, vaccine save lives and, uh,
And I showed him the science and I finally found a book by, I gave him books by MDs and he read them and he was, you know, very intellectually curious.
And I got him to write letters to, you know, Tom Frieden at CDC and call for Vax on Vax studies and read my papers that were important in published science.
So I did bring around my dad.
I can't say I've been as successful with others in my family.
But that was a triumph to bring around a real scientist position who started from a position of real rejection.
And it really was creating a huge barrier for me and my relationship to him.
And when I gave him something that was in his language, it was by an MD.
It really made a difference that I find that that's the key in my working with people is what's their language what what will register for with them you know listen to them but you know are they a lawyer are they a doctor are they an activist are they a mom are they a dad like what is the language and generally speaking I find movies are helpful.
But candidly, this is a belief system.
It's not about the information.
And at the end of the day, you have to respect people's religions.
You know, they're not based on logic.
And so the people in my family who are not with me,
Candidly, we don't really talk about it.
They obviously know what I do.
If they want to come talk about it, they'll come.
And if they don't, I have to respect their autonomy.
I believe in informed choice.
I believe that people who want vaccines should be able to get them.
We are not taking about taking people's vaccines away.
Something like the COVID shots, the mRNA is proven unsafe.
It's proven to be more harm than good.
So those should not be available.
And the truth should be told.
And that may be the truth for all of them, Steve, but I'm not about telling people what they should do with their bodies.
I just believe that they should have access to truthful information.

[SPEAKER_09]
So has RFK convinced anyone in his family to switch sides?
And the second question is, do you know of any prominent person who was an anti-vaxxer and now is convinced that the COVID vaccines are safe and effective and everybody should be taking them?
Do you know of anybody who switched sides?
Because we know lots of people went, you know,

[SPEAKER_15]
There are a couple, Steve, I am aware, I can't think of any celebrities.
And I think Kennedy did convince his nuclear family, not his siblings, because I think they were very entrenched in what has become a kind of political football.
They were very entrenched on the other side.
But his nuclear family, I think, has all come around.
I can't think of any celebrity who's really said, you know, go get your COVID shots.
I guess, you know, with authenticity, I think there were many that were paid.
People who come to the side of like, no, this is dangerous.
I'm not going to vaccinate.
They don't go back.
And that's well established by the World Health Organization and by the Vaccine Confidence, Heidi Larson, the Vaccine Confidence Project.
People don't go back, generally speaking.
It's a very rare person who gets so terrified that they will go back to saying, oh, I want to take every vaccine that you tell me to take.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so the conference, how many people attend the conference and what's the cost to attend?

[SPEAKER_11]
So we have up to 970 bodies that can fit in that room.
We are getting limited with our tickets.
Our champion access has already sold out and we had to add extra dinners to accommodate all the requests that we were getting because we were also sold out there.
We have our early bird pricing that is happening until October 7th.
We extended it for an additional week.
So right now the general admission pass
is $347 and that covers the two days of general conference with breakfast and lunch included on both days.
You have the option to get the defender dinner, which is an add-on.
It's $117 for the dinner, which is on Saturday night.
You'll see it when you actually click on the general admission pass.
It clicks on as an option.
And we are live streaming because we know that there are people who just geographically and financially cannot
do not have the bandwidth to get on a plane to find people for their children.
So we want this to be something that's accessible to all people no matter where you live or what your circumstances.
So we do have that two day live stream pass that's available for $77.
It gives you access to watch live or if you don't want to watch live and you want to be able to catch it after you will have lifetime access to all of those recordings which will be sent to you and package post conference.

[SPEAKER_09]
How many people have signed up for the live stream so far?

[SPEAKER_11]
We have a couple of hundred that have signed up so far.

[SPEAKER_09]
And I feel like you think it'd be thousands.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, I think what's gonna happen, Steve, is as we get closer, we're learning people's behavioral patterns.
People get to the point where it gets close and they have to make a decision and then they start moving.
We're seeing that with our ticket sales in the last two to three weeks, we've seen an exponential amount of ticket sales come in.
And I believe as we get closer to the actual conference, we're gonna see those live stream numbers kick up and we'll probably have thousands with us on the live stream.
That's my expectation.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, it'd be so awesome to have Paul Offit or Peter Hotez attend your conference and be a speaker.
I mean, that would be... And then, you know, have a live discussion between the two parties, you know, debate, discussion, whatever.
I mean, between the, you know, it'd be an opportunity for these guys to convince
Yeah.
The attendees that they're on the wrong side of the fence.
But they'll never attend, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
Never.

[SPEAKER_09]
Have you ever even tried to invite them?

[SPEAKER_15]
Oh, sure.
Oh, yeah, they've been invited to these things for a long time, Steve.
I've met Offit.
I haven't met Hotez in person, although he and I have corresponded.
That was kind of fun.
But no, their whole strategy is to marginalize us to sort of suggest that we're, you know, cooks and crazy French.
Yeah, fringe and to refuse to debate us, which is shit in and of itself should be a pretty strong signal to people.
These people are claiming that they're absolutely right, won't debate people that they say that they can just sort of brush off like dust.
It doesn't really make sense, you know.

[SPEAKER_02]
Totally one of the things I want to just quickly say I was at the last conference and it was wonderful speakers.
Bobby was there.
It was it was incredible.
But what really struck me the most was just listening to the parents talk to each other and share their stories about what happened when they're
kids were vaccinated the shit like that's the part that really got me like listening to these anecdotal stories right in front of me right in front of you and just I just listened to them talk to each other and that was heartbreaking and I wish.
The public could just see hear these stories up close and personal because I think that would make a big shift listening to real people talk about their experiences.
And that's the highlight.
And I'm sure it's going to be the same this year.
So you're you're going there with a camera, right?
Yeah.
Uh, I'm going there.
I'll bring a camera.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
I mean, I, I think it'd be great for you to be able to fly on the wall and ask people if, if, if you can record it and then we can have a whole series of, of parents talking about their, their kids and what happened and, uh, promoted on, uh, YouTube and I want to point out that, that we have that leave you for those who, who want to understand sort of a firsthand account.

[SPEAKER_15]
So if you go to,
Children's health defense.org and you go to CHDTV.
We have the people study and it's thousands of testimonials of people on our buses telling their story and it's firsthand accounts.
It's parents about their kids.
It's a kid's story and it's every conceivable vaccine injury.
There's plenty of death stories.
There's plenty of
you know, autism stories, there's century integration stories.
We agree with you, Livio, that those first-hand accounts are absolutely essential.
And, you know, what you bring up of listening to people, in some ways, and Stephanie can speak to this,
The conference is great to have all these fancy big-name speakers and that's important, but what's really important is connecting with other people, feeling that you're a part of this community, feeling that you aren't alone, that you're not crazy, that there are other people who feel exactly the way that you do, and going home with a lot of those connections so that you can feel supported in thinking what you think and in the activism that you may want to do.

[SPEAKER_09]
So do you have like a three minute reel where you compress the stories of these stories, these thousand stories, right?
Because people aren't going to spend the time to listen to story over story over story.
Is there like a three minute thing that has?

[SPEAKER_15]
We have a lot of three minutes, but actually after Secretary Kennedy came out with his statement in April about autism, we did a really good 10 minute reel that we can send you about profound autism.
And it has a lot of firsthand testimonials.
And I think that would be valuable.
We'll send that to you right away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, awesome.
So have any senators or member of Congress changed their minds on the COVID vaccines or autism?
Either one of those.
Do you know of anyone who's where we've actually made a shift where they were, oh, I used to be and now I'm
like that would be pretty game-changing, wouldn't it?

[SPEAKER_15]
You know, my sense, you know, in having gotten to know particularly Senator Johnson a bit is, I think there may be a lot more change sort of beneath the surface than we know about.
And certainly some of the senators have been, you know, it's become a very partisan issue, Steve.
So,
Generally speaking, with some exceptions, the Republican senators have been very supportive of the work of Secretary Kennedy.
I think there are a lot more congressmen and senators who really understand the COVID issue.
Many of them have been injured themselves, but they're not public about it yet.
I think as the tide turns, we will see more people
step out and say, yeah, I was injured.
You know, I actually developed tinnitus or I developed a limp or, um, you know, some other symptom.

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, I'm waiting for that date, but so, so, so far there's been no public shift from I was on this side and now I'm on the other side.

[SPEAKER_15]
I don't think so.
I mean, I think Ron Johnson and Rand Paul, who will be at the conference have been on our side the whole time.
I think there are other senators who are very sympathetic to our viewpoint, but they're not public.
I was just at the hearing that you mentioned, you know, the subcommittee that Ron Johnson chaired, and certainly Senator Moreno was very outspoken about the excesses and the horrors of COVID, and he really grilled Dr. Scott about
His tweets related to the COVID shot.
So Senator Moreno is really stepping out and outspoken.
I was just listening to a Tucker Carlson interview with Senator Eric Schmidt, who was the Attorney General for Missouri and Missouri v. Biden.
He was absolutely opposed to all of the COVID measures and how unconstitutional they were.
So it's not hopeless.
There's not as many senators who are speaking out as I would like.
Also in the House, you know, we have some good bills.
There's a bill by House Representative Gosar to end the vaccine carve out about the 86 act.
There's Tom Massey to repeal the press prep act.
There's Representative Stuby for religious exemption across the board as a matter of federal law.
So there are more people in Congress than ever before.
That's not saying a lot.

[SPEAKER_09]
All three of them.

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, those are bills, but there are actually like about 20 co-sponsors on those.

[SPEAKER_09]
That's good.
What about vaccine mandates to attend school?
In California, you've got to be vaccinated up the hill to attend school, and there's no, I don't know, opt-outs.
I think you can get religious exemptions.

[SPEAKER_15]
There are no religious exemptions in California.
We and others have litigated that in California so far unsuccessfully.
So that's the bill that I just mentioned.
Representative Stubbe of Florida has a bill that Congress could pass to, as a matter of federal law, say the states, if they want to get federal education money, have to have a religious exemption.
And the secretary at HHS, under the Office of Civil Rights, has used that as a weapon in West Virginia, saying, you know, we're going to cut off your funding if you don't obey your state law.
that says that as a matter of state law, you have to have a religious exemption under your religious freedom statutes.
So there's a lot going on in that space right now, Steve, and I think there's legislative, there's judicial, and there's a congressional state and federal legislative efforts to reclaim a religious exemption universally, including in California.
It's a hotly contested issue, but
I'm seeing potential progress there.

[SPEAKER_09]
Isn't it technically unconstitutional to have such a law?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I believe it is.
I mean, I believe free exercise of religion in the First Amendment and no establishment of religion means that you cannot force people as a matter of belief because there is no science that's compelling.
to take this medical intervention.
So I do believe that a Supreme Court could see this as an infringement.
And there's a very important case, Miller versus McDonald out of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, pending before the Supreme Court right now with an amicus brief from 20 attorney generals and then a separate one, basically saying, there is no reason why you cannot have religious exemptions and having mandated vaccines.
I think the Supreme Court is going to have to take that case.
That's a case being funded by ICANN and I'm very supportive of that case and I actually do think that we're at a moment with the Supreme Court that is very inclined towards religious freedom.
So I'm hopeful that they'll take the case and they'll decide it in a way that finds that there must be
a right to religious exemption for vaccine mandates as a matter of law.
But, you know, both the state of Idaho and the state of Florida have kind of got out in front and said there should be no medical mandates full stop.
So Idaho has that now as an enforceable law.
Florida, both the governor and the Surgeon General, Lattapo are pushing for that.

[SPEAKER_09]
So it's interesting, the religious aspect of this, because Aaron Surrey has this new book out.
And the whole point, the big point of the book is to say that, well, vaccines are different, but vaccines are treated as if they're a religion.
Because you believe in vaccines, right?
Yeah, you don't believe in food, you don't believe in trucks, you don't believe in cars, you don't believe in houses, but people believe in vaccines.
And so it's basically the state saying, well, we have our religion.
You're entitled to it, but you're not entitled to enforce your religion on me.
How are these cases not getting overturned?
How is California able to maintain
They're banned on this.

[SPEAKER_15]
We and Aaron and many others have been litigating this for many years since SB 277 passed in California.
I testified in California to the Judiciary Committee.
Trust me, this is not for lack of trying, but courts follow culture.
That's really important to understand that when the culture pre-COVID was like, oh, vaccines are safe and effective, vaccines save lives,
Very hard for a judge to get his or her head around, oh my God, there's no science here.
In fact, the science goes the other way.
Now, post COVID, we're in a very, very different environment.
And we're also with a Supreme Court that has come back with some very important pro-religious liberty
decision.
There's a very important case that came down in June, Mahmood vs. Taylor, from the Supreme Court that says the courts have to apply strict scrutiny to any government policy that infringes on parental rights in a school context around religion.
This was around LGBT issues.
But it said that basically the government cannot use anything.
It has to use the least restrictive means possible.
And basically kids were being forced to sit in on LGBT classes that their parents disagreed with.
And the Supreme Court said, nope, wrong.
Those kids can be pulled out of class.
You did it before.
There's no reason you can't do that.
You're not using the least restrictive means possible to respect
the parents free exercise of religion and the children under their parents to religion control so we're in a very different environment literally than we were even in in june when it comes to parental religious liberty rights and free exercise of religion is in the first amendment and there's a reason for that what do you think about and i just want to say and we'll be talking about that at the conference so
Reverend Aaron Lewis will be with us and we'll be talking about the centrality of religious freedom in this issue.
Medical freedom, every freedom is really a part of freedom of conscience.
If you don't have the freedom to believe what you believe as what is most sacred, you know, if you don't, there are so many fundamental rights that, anyway, it's all connected.

[SPEAKER_09]
So let me ask you this.
We have 50 states.
If you were to rank the state that's the most restrictive in terms of vaccines, like everybody, all the kids have to be vaccinated, then there's no religious exemption.
And the other end of the spectrum, like
which state would be on this end and which state would be on that end?
And do you see the infrastructure and the whole thing crumbling in the state that allows for freedoms?
I mean, do you see any difference at all in terms of outcomes?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, there's been some good, I can send you some stuff, Steve.
There's been some good statistical stuff, but you know, on the worst end of the spectrum is New York, California, Maine, Connecticut.
Those are the states that have no religious exemption.
On the other extreme is Idaho and Florida, right, that are the most liberal in terms of allowing people to do whatever the hell they want with their kids.
And everything's in the middle.
And there is some correlation in health outcomes.
Not one to one, but there is some correlation.

[SPEAKER_09]
The correlation presumably being that the choice gives you better outcomes.

[SPEAKER_15]
Correct.

[SPEAKER_02]
Massachusetts is right now fighting to get rid of.

[SPEAKER_15]
We've been fighting in Massachusetts for many years, Livia.
I just testified in the spring with Massachusetts.
It's a deep blue state.
And somehow, beyond my comprehension, this has become a partisan issue.
How children's health
And chronic disease has become partisan is beyond me.
But yes, Massachusetts is fighting to get rid of its religious exemption.
So is Hawaii.
And we at Children's Health Defense are working with activists on the ground because it is so important to preserve religious exemptions.
And we oppose all medical mandates, but in the interim, we sure want to support exemption rights.

[SPEAKER_09]
So are you able to engage with any of these lawmakers who wanna, you know, push these laws?
Like, can you, well, can you have a civil discussion with them?
Can you?

[SPEAKER_15]
A little bit.
Sometimes, like Governor Green, I went and spoke with Josh Green, who was testifying before Senator Johnson's subcommittee.
We have had people go talk to Governor Hockel.
We've had people talk to Governor Newsom.
I can't say that it falls on anything other than deaf ears, Steve, but yes, it is possible to have civil discourse with these people.
Unfortunately, as you know, there's now this administrative statutory framework that seems to be forming of having these blue states on the West Coast and on the East Coast separate from recommendations from the CDC because they find, you know, Kennedy's recommendation so anathema.
So we'll see how that plays out.
That's in progress right now.

[SPEAKER_09]
You know, I just loved it.
There's no public debates.
Where are the public debates on these issues, which are extreme importance?

[SPEAKER_15]
You're so right, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to jump back to what Mary brought up earlier, because we got a bunch of questions about the Albert Burla in the White House and Bobby being present.
I'm going to play just a little short montage of what happened, but I'm going to start it with a video of Burla doing a show.
I don't even remember which show it was from, and then I'll cut to the White House appearance.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_08]
There was some fake news during this period of time about the vaccines, all sorts of conspiracy theories.
How did you deal with that?
And how did you navigate that?
And where do you feel the primary source of this sort of fake news was?
How damaging was this to us?

[SPEAKER_17]
I'm afraid it was quite a lot damaging.
And there was, particularly with us, we were targeted by a lot of
let's say, dark organizations that you don't really know the ownership.
You suspect that there are some countries behind.
We were getting a lot of briefings from CIA, from FBI about attacks that may happen to us, cyber attacks, I mean.
But there is a very small part of professionals, which they circulate on purpose, misinformation, so that they will mislead those that they have concerns.
Those people are criminals.
They're not bad people.
They're criminals because they literally cost millions of lives.

[SPEAKER_08]
And then should be treated as criminals as well.
Those who have done that.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I was honored to have Albert be the first.
He's done a fantastic job with, as you know, with the COVID.
He did a fantastic job with a lot of things.
He's a leader and Pfizer is right at the top.
They couldn't take it.
God bless you, Bobby.
I hope I didn't catch COVID just there.
We are ready to invest, as the president also mentioned, $70 billion in the next few years from Pfizer.

[SPEAKER_16]
in manufacturing and research in America alone.
I really think this is an historical moment because also I can put that behind us and focus on the things that I want to spend my time, cancer treatments, to bring better obesity medicines, to bring better vaccines, to bring things that people value.
And thank you for allowing us to do that.
I want to thank Secretary Kennedy.
I want to thank Secretary Lutnik.

[SPEAKER_17]
Your leadership helped us to pull that together.

[SPEAKER_16]
But more than anyone else.
Mr. President, I want to thank you.
Thank you very much.
For your leadership and frankly for your friends.

[SPEAKER_03]
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Great job.
Great job.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
The floor is open for all of you to comment on what you just saw.
I love the sneeze at that moment.
There was some creative editing at that moment, but he did that.

[SPEAKER_15]
Maybe that was the saving grace.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
No, man.
I mean, Bobby must have been like holding his tongue on that one, huh?
I mean, Trump, I don't get Trump.
What's going on with this guy?
He thinks that the COVID shots were his great accomplishment, and yet they've killed so many people.
He's not going to want to hear that you were wrong, sir.
You killed millions of people, right?

[SPEAKER_15]
I think you're right, Steve.
Remember that he did come out with a tweet maybe two weeks ago saying, you know, Pfizer, you know, I'm told that you guys were so great.
But on the other hand, people are saying you're not so great and come forward and be transparent.
And then, you know, Pfizer came forward with nothing.
And we know that several groups have already put in Freedom of Information Act requests about whatever this contract is between the Trump administration and Pfizer because no details were made available except for, oh, we're investing 70 billion.
You know, I can't say that that made me very comfortable.
I'll be honest with you.
It doesn't speak of transparency.
You know, Pfizer is Borla there and that first clip was accusing people like us, Steve, of being criminal.
There's good reason that Pfizer has a criminal record.
Pfizer has a long rap sheet of felony convictions and paying billions of dollars in fines.
And what they did in COVID was knowingly put out something that killed people.
They knew it wasn't effective.
They knew it wasn't going to stop transmission or infection.
So I do think that it's very troubling to me to see that White House ceremony.
Maybe that's the cover story.
Maybe there's a lot going on behind the scenes.
I don't know.
I sure hope there's better news going on behind the scenes.

[SPEAKER_09]
How often do you talk to Bobby or is that also confidential?

[SPEAKER_15]
Yeah, I'm not going to talk about that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, OK.

[SPEAKER_02]
I also have a question from Dr. Laura for Mary.
In Illinois, the governor just signed a bill, HB3637, that says the WHO, the World Health Organization, is going to dictate what the state of Illinois will do during the next pandemic.
The medicines and vaccines and other measures
Are you aware of it?

[SPEAKER_15]
And what is your I mean, we are aware of it and Stephanie can speak to this too.
We were very much behind the US not signing the World Health Organization Treaty.
It was not signed through lots of grassroots efforts.
And what they did sign was not what would have been the treaty, but it's very troubling that Governor Pritzker
is basically ceding his authority as the governor to an unaccountable international body, especially given what we saw them do during COVID.
And I have to say, happily, Secretary Kennedy just gave a great speech at the UN explaining why the US was not gonna go along with a statement from the WHO on non-communical diseases and that, you know, it's unaccountable.
It's not something that should ever supersede
U.S. or state law.
But this is the one world government crowd.
We're going to the great reset.
2030 World Health Organization was the vehicle.

[SPEAKER_02]
Stephanie, you want to add to that?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, I mean, I think that it's something people need to continue to keep their guard up.
You know, the pandemic quote unquote is over.
So I feel like for a lot of people that activists in them has quieted and they're living their normal lives thinking that everything is seemingly normal.
But we know differently.
We know that there's a lot happening in the background and it's so crucial that we remain vigilant and active.
with our legislators sitting down having meetings reminding them that they work for us that we elect them and that we certainly did not elect anybody that sits in that World Health Organization and they should not be making decisions regarding how we handle pandemics or any sort of health related issues.
That is something that needs to remain individual and needs to remain within that confidentiality and that agreement between your doctor and yourself and then having those conversations with your elected officials.
So it's so important to continue to have those conversations.
And I hope that people are making phone calls continually and making sure that they're sitting down and getting to know those elected officials.
It's a crucial, crucial relationship that we need to nurture.

[SPEAKER_02]
So is Illinois able to enforce this?
Like, how can they get a, what can people do?
How do they get away with this?

[SPEAKER_15]
It's not in and of itself.
I mean, you know, you can challenge it.
And in Louisiana, they passed a law, I think it was last year, maybe the year before saying that they would never acknowledge any kind of emergency declaration from the World Health Organization and other municipalities have done that.
You know, the governor can pass that.
I suppose the legislature could overrule that.
The courts might overrule it.
But in the interim, it may make a dent.

[SPEAKER_11]
And I think it's also interesting that they're already talking about the next pandemic, like they're putting structures in place to talk about how it will be handled.
And it's clear based on the decision that was made in Illinois that many people did not learn the lessons of the first pandemic.
And I think that history
is an important lesson.
We need to look at the mistakes of the past to prevent them from creating the same situation if something were to happen again.
And I do believe that those things are already well in progress.
There is a plan for how to create the next lockdown, the next control measure, whatever it is that they're up to behind the scenes.
And we have to stay vigilant.

[SPEAKER_09]
What state do you think has done the best job of actually learning from their mistakes?

[SPEAKER_15]
Well, I think Idaho is really at the front of the curve and activists like Leslie Manukian and others were really critical in that process of pushing a bill to end all medical mandates.
And remarkably, with a lot of ups and downs, that's now the law in Idaho.
So they're really setting the pace for the country.
No medical mandates.
You cannot be fired from a job.
You cannot be thrown out of school.
Uh, you cannot lose your benefits if you don't comply with some recommendation for a vaccine or a medicine or anything else.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So the others that don't live in Idaho have to either fight in their states or move to Idaho.
Yeah.
Um, this brings up one last issue I wanted to share, uh, because I think at all you brought up the UN and,
the World Health Organization.
And I'm going to play a little clip because this is about digital IDs.
And we talked about defeat the mandates in DC earlier in the show.
And Bobby forewarned us.
So I got a little montage that I put together with Bobby forewarning us and then where we are today.
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_06]
Putting in 5G to harvest our data and control our behavior.
Digital currency that will allow them to punish us from a distance and cut off our food supply.
vaccine passports.
You have a series of rights as flawed as our government has.
You can still go out and go to a bar.
You can go to a sporting event.
You can get on a bus or an airplane and you can travel.
You have certain freedom.
You can get educated, etc.
The minute they hand you that vaccine passport, every right that you have is transformed into a privilege contingent upon your obedience to arbitrary government dictates.

[SPEAKER_00]
Maybe in a couple of decades when people look back, the thing they will remember from the COVID crisis is this is the moment when everything went digital.
And this was the moment when everything became monitored, that we agreed
to be surveyed all the time, not just in authoritarian machines, but even in democracies.
And maybe most importantly at all, this was the moment when surveillance started going under the skin.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm announcing today that my administration will lead an international effort to enforce biological weapons convention, which is going to be meeting with the top leaders of the world by pioneering an AI verification system.
that everyone can trust.
Hopefully the UN can play a constructive role and it will also go be one of the early projects under AI.
Let's see how good it is because a lot of people are saying it could be one of the great things ever.
It also can be dangerous but it can be put to tremendous use and tremendous good and this would be an example of that.

[SPEAKER_07]
I am announcing this government will make a new free of charge digital ID mandatory for the right to work by the end of this parliament.
Let me spell that out.
You will not be able to work in the United Kingdom if you do not have digital ID.
It's as simple as that.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's simple.
It's as simple as that.
Very simple.
Right now, all over the world.
And I'm going to get your final thoughts on that.

[SPEAKER_15]
I mean, Livio already exists in India.
The Aardhar system is like 99% of the population.
I mean, this has been rolled out in Nigeria.
This is already existing in China.
We saw in Canada during the protests for COVID, the truckers' bank accounts were turned off, right?
This is what this is about.
The digital ID, we listened there to Yuval Harari, Kier Starmer,
These are terrifying voices that we will all be monitored and surveilled and we must be obedient all the time or they will kill us essentially cut off food, cut off travel, cut off work, cut off access to everything.
We cannot go along with this and on CHD TV every Thursday,
We have Catherine Austin Fitz and Carolyn Betts.
It's called Financial Rebellion.
And they really are our closest scholars of the control grid.
And Catherine and Carolyn will be at the conference with Attorney Ray Flores, who's worked on this with Dr. Merrill Nass, who's focused on this.
How do we stay out of the control grid?
How do we escape it?
How do we push back right now?
Because, as Bobby Kennedy explained there, once a government has totalitarian controls, it is inevitable that it will be abused.
It's just inevitable.
And we can't give that level of control.
And Yuval Harari there, you heard say, surveillance will go under the skin.
Well, I'm not quite sure what he was referencing, but we cannot
go further in this without really jeopardizing the future of humanity.

[SPEAKER_02]
Agreed.
And that's why I think this conference that you're putting on is so important right now because you're willing to have all of these difficult conversations that most people don't want to have.

[SPEAKER_11]
The most important thing we can do is have the difficult conversations.
And I think someone always has to go first.
There are so many people out there who have
doubts in their head, questions in their minds about what's going on.
But I think for a lot of people, they feel scared if they don't feel safe to have those conversations, they would rather internalize it and not say anything.
So that's the beautiful thing about coming together in community where you feel like you're with your people, you're safe to have those conversations, you're safe to ask the questions,
to get the information that you need, because I always say advocating and advocacy is like a ladder.
We're all climbing up.
We're trying to learn more things about whatever the subject matter is that's important to us.
And there's always someone who's above.
You just grab that person's hand and you go on to the next rung.
But in order to let go and to reach up for that hand, you have to feel safe to be able to do so.
And that's really what we're cultivating at this conference is an opportunity for people to come together
and to continue to move along in that journey of advocating, staying vigilant, learning, and then sharing what other people know so that we can grow this movement even more than it's already grown.
And we've done an incredible job over these last five to six years.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
Steve, any last questions or thoughts for Mary or Stephanie?
We were running a little long, but I just wanted to see if there's any last thoughts before we let them get on with their evenings.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, I think we've covered, oh, for one last question, what's the most likely explanation for chronic disease?
Why does America have so much chronic disease?
We're vaccinated up the hilt.
We shouldn't be having chronic disease.
I can't, I don't understand it.
How would you guys, what do you guys think is the cause?

[SPEAKER_15]
I'm gonna give you one guess to give it, starts with a V.
No, I shouldn't say that because it's, of course, chronic disease is multifactorial.
And, you know, as Mahaa and Bobby are saying, it is the ultra process food.
It is the fluoride in the water.
It is the screen time.
It is the lack of exercise.
It's all those things together.
But there's nothing more potent than giving vaccines to pregnant women and day old infants and 20 plus vaccines in the first year of life.
That's setting kids up for a life of chronic disease.
It is and over 50% have already succumbed.

[SPEAKER_11]
And we're swimming in toxic soup.
I think that there's a revolution happening right now in households everywhere where people are starting to pay more attention.
to the vaccine schedule, ask questions, and also look at what we're putting in our bodies.
I mean, when you look at the supermarkets and how many aisles of food we have with lists and lists of ingredients of things that you cannot pronounce or have no idea what it is, it is a huge thing.
Plus, you see children who are proficient at one year old operating an iPhone like they're 25.
There is a lot happening here and I think we need to take accountability and responsibility for the things that we can control.
We cannot control everything, but it is our jobs as parents and people to roll up our sleeves and to do the research on our own to ask critically thinking questions and to never let someone in a white coats voice be louder than our own.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right on.

[SPEAKER_11]
Well said.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, I want to one more time share the information about the conference that's coming up.
Moment of truth, Austin, Texas, November 7th through 9th, an incredible lineup of speakers.
Get registered and get your tickets now, make your travel plans.
If you're not in the Austin area or anywhere local, because I got a feeling this is going to sell out.
So do not hesitate.
It's going to be a great, great weekend with incredible speakers and just incredible community and people.
like-minded people that can have these conversations.
So get there if you can.
I'd love to see you all there.

[SPEAKER_15]
And we're so grateful for your sponsorship.
We're delighted that we'll see you there and that you'll have tables and you'll be talking to people throughout the whole conference.
So thank you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you so much for having us on tonight, for giving us this opportunity to share our conference with your audience.
And we can't wait to see you in Austin.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, we look forward to it and we're going to have Dell big tree on next week, which I'll preview shortly after you guys go and he's going to be speaking at the conference as well.
And we may have a couple of other speakers leading up to the conference in a few Thursdays to come.
So that's going to be exciting.

[SPEAKER_15]
Fantastic.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you, Mary.
Thank you, Stephanie for joining us.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you.
Our pleasure.

[SPEAKER_02]
Steve, hang in there for a second.
I've got a few announcements to make.
That was fantastic conversation and somewhat horrifying at times as well, Steve.
What are your thoughts about this digital future?
I know you're a fan of AIS as well as I am for good, but there's also the dangers of it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yep.
It's certainly a blessing and a curse.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, got to keep an eye on it.
Well, I want to sincerely thank everyone out there for being a part of VSRF Live.
Everything we do, every investigation, interview and live stream is completely funded by viewers like you.
We don't rely on corporate sponsors or government grants, which means your support allows us to speak freely, investigate the issues that matter and bring you the truth as well as contributing to conferences like the Children's Health Defense Conference.
Every contribution, no matter the size, let me get this up on the screen again.
Uh, has a real impact.
It helps us keep producing content, posting experts and educating the public about vaccine safety, medical freedom and transparency and health policy.
Your support literally keeps the movement alive.
You can give securely at back safety dot org back slash donate or for a quick and easy way, simply text.
VSRF to 53-555.
That's VSRF to 53-555.
From all of us at VSRF, thank you for standing with us and helping us continue this vital work.
And as I just mentioned, Steve, we have another very special guest next week.
For the first time on VSRF Live, we will have
The legendary Dell big tree founder of the high wire and co founder of I can.
Dell will take us behind the scenes of his latest groundbreaking film and inconvenient study and give an exclusive sneak peek of his role as a featured speaker at the children's health defense conference.
Don't miss your chance to hear from one of the most powerful voices.
and health, freedom, and if you're in the Los Angeles area, you can still get tickets, I believe, to the world premiere at the Malibu Film Festival, which will be next Sunday morning.
And that is, let me call this up, that will be on Sunday, October 12th.
And here, I'll just quickly share the screen.
Here we go.
There it is October 12th at the Malibu Film Festival.
And there's the opening film and the premiere.
So before it sells out, if you're in the Los Angeles area, get your tickets and we will have Dell on next week and we'll preview the film and the festival as well as we're going to have another special guest, the festival founder, David Katz will join us later in that show as well.
So Steve, you're going to be at the screening, I believe.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_02]
Excellent.
It's going to be a great film, which I could be there this time.
And I'm going to close tonight.
With a powerful clip from HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and in this clip, RFK Jr. dismantles the claim that vaccines alone ended infectious diseases and saved millions of lives.
The data shows that mortality rates were already dropping due to improved nutrition, sanitation, and infrastructure.
A reminder that science, not slogans, tells the full story.
This fight is far from over.
Keep pushing.
Stay informed and stay engaged.
And thank you for joining us.
Thank you, Steve.
And we will see you all next week.
Have a great night.

[SPEAKER_06]
Hi, I'm Robert F. Kennedy Jr., your HHS secretary.
At my recent Finance Committee hearing, Senator Cantwell showed us this chart to illustrate the decline in infectious disease during the 20th century.
The vaccine industry has long used this kind of chart as proof of the common claim that vaccines had saved hundreds of millions of American lives.
The momentous 70% decline in mortalities in the United States and Western Europe from contagious diseases since 1900 marks one of the most monumental public health advances in all of human history.
Was this really an achievement of mass vaccination programs as many people, including Senator Cantwell, claim?
The most comprehensive evidence-based study that rigorously examines this issue is a CDC-funded study
That was published in 2000 performed by a team of researchers from CDC and Johns Hopkins University and led by Dr. Bernard Geyer.
The scientists meticulously examined 100 years of government infectious disease mortality data and they concluded that nearly all the mortality reductions occurred before the introduction of vaccines and that vaccinations could therefore claim little of the credit.
For example, you can see from this graph that in 1900 some 13,000 Americans a year were dying of measles.
By 1960, however, this number had dropped to a few hundred, but the measles vaccine was not introduced until three years later.
Therefore, almost all the measles mortality had disappeared before the vaccine, so the measles vaccine can't really claim the credit for saving all those lives.
Let's look at pertussis, also known as whooping cough.
Again, we see the biggest drop in pertussis that has occurred before the introduction of the pertussis vaccine.
The same is true for influenza.
Massive flu mortalities had already disappeared by the 1960s, but the vaccine was not widely disseminated until the 1980s.
So once again, the vaccine cannot claim the credit.
and look how tuberculosis deaths nearly disappeared along the exact same timeline as all those other infectious diseases.
Even though there was no mass vaccination for TB in the United States, the mortalities disappeared without any help from a vaccine.
Likewise, there was never a scurvy vaccine, but scurvy deaths also disappeared along the exact same timeline.
The same is true for scarlet fever, which I had as a boy.
Deaths from scarlet fever disappeared in lockstep
alongside the drops in deaths from all those other contagions.
So what actually did cause the decline in infectious disease mortality?
A landmark 1977 study by McKinley and McKinley was required reading in most American medical schools during the 1970s and early 1980s.
That study attributed the decline not to medical advances or innovations, but almost exclusively to agricultural and engineering innovations that improved nutrition.
These included better roads, air transport, and refrigeration, and superior sanitation.
This was the same period that flushed toilets and water chlorination became widespread.
The McKinley's credited less than 3.5% of the mortality declines to all medical measures put together, including antibiotics, surgeries, and vaccines.
And here, for example, you see the introduction of chlorination correlates pretty perfectly with the decline in infectious disease mortality.
In 1970, Harvard Medical School Professor Edward Cast was arguably the world's preeminent infectious disease authority.
He was both the founder and longtime editor of the Journal of Infectious Diseases and president and founding member of the Infectious Diseases Society of America.
In his address that year to a joint meeting of the Infectious Disease Society of America and the 10th Inner Science Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy,
Dr. Cass issued a press-in public warning that actors within the medical industry would try to take credit for the momentous reduction in disease fatalities in order to advance their profits, their prestige, and their influence.
Dr. Kass challenged the immersion claim that vaccines have saved hundreds of millions of lives.
Dr. Kass observed that the decline of mass deaths from these reddit killers occurred prior to the widespread proliferation of vaccines.
And he warned against what he called the half-truths that medical research had stamped out, the great killers of the past, tuberculosis, diphtheria, ammonia, perforal sepsis, etc.
He cautioned against the claim that medical research in our superior system of medical care were major factors in extending life expectancy.
The deceptive graph that Senator Cantwell showed the nation
is precisely the kind of scientifically basis propaganda device against which Professor Kass warned us.
And yet it is a common trope promoted by the pharmaceutical industry and allied medical association and are highly paid politicians.
He evangelized us into believing that vaccines alone saved all of those lives.
Senator Cantwell has taken some $456,000 from pharmaceutical companies.
The mantric pronouncement that vaccines have saved hundreds of millions of lives is so embedded in conventional wisdom that it rarely receives the kind of skepticism and the rigorous scientific examination that public health agencies should apply to all dogmas.
Vaccines are a critical part of public health.
They can prevent infections like measles altogether
and the serious injuries that sometimes accompany measles and they can prevent you from spreading measles to others.
But blind faith in vaccination alone as our only recourse against death by infection has inclined our medical system to discount the role of therapeutic drugs and vitamins and diet, exercise and other lifestyle changes that might fortify human immune systems against all kinds of sickness.
The idea that good health comes only in a syringe and distort public health priorities and lead to misallocations of public health resources.
During the Biden administration, the U.S. government's unbalanced response to the COVID pandemic
exemplified this peril.
American citizens paid a steep price.
The United States had more COVID deaths than any other nation.
Under President Trump's leadership, we are going to ensure that America has the best childhood vaccine schedule.
We're going to address vaccine injuries.
We're going to modernize American vaccines with transparent gold standard science.
We're going to eliminate and correct conflicts of interest and misaligned incentives.
And we're going to ensure scientific and medical freedom.

[SPEAKER_01]
Produced by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
