[SPEAKER_03]
So this is what you meant when you said that you would spend.
And now it's time to build from the bottom of the pit right to the top.
Don't hold back.
Packing my bags and giving the academy a range.
Because after all, the city never sleeps at night It's time to begin, isn't it?
I'll get a little bit bigger than I'll admit I'm just the same as I was Now that you understand that I'm never changing
you
Don't you understand?
I've never changed who I am.
It's time to begin.
I'm just the same as ours Now don't you understand I'll never change you who I am

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we welcome defender of truth, freedom, and parental rights, Sam Sorbo, for a powerful conversation on how government schools are eroding parental control and why taking back your child's education is the ultimate act of resistance.

[SPEAKER_01]
When I went to school, when my son went to school, we thought, you know, ABCs, reading, writing, and arithmetic, like let's focus on the academics.
Today, the schools aren't focused on the academics.
And we saw that during COVID when they didn't give a flip how the kids were doing academically.
They were all about the indoctrination of the kids and just making sure that everybody washed their hands and wore their masks.
By and large, the whole program was
We don't really care about the kids.
We just want everybody to stay home and we don't want to have to work.
At least that's the way it appeared, right?
With the teachers unions focused on keeping schools shut.

[SPEAKER_02]
Good evening and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and thanks for being here with us tonight.
Tonight's guest is someone who's taken one of the boldest steps a parent can take.
She pulled her kids out of the school system and decided to educate them at home.
Not because it was easy, but because it was necessary.
Sam Sorbo is a homeschooling mom, a speaker, an author, and a fearless advocate for parental rights and educational freedom.
She's seen firsthand how early
and how aggressively the system tries to shape our kids.
And now she's helping other families push back, reclaim their authority, and raise strong independent thinkers.
Tonight, we're going to talk about how government schools are undermining parents, why homeschooling is more doable and more powerful than you think, real practical ways to take back your role as a parent, and how to raise kids who can think clearly and live freely no matter what culture throws at them.
Before we get started, a quick reminder, we are raffling off the Sun Palm 1050, a handheld therapeutic light device from Sun Power LED created by photo medicine pioneer Tom Kerber.
It uses 660 nanometer red light and 1,050 nanometer near infrared light to support pain relief, inflammation, arthritis, TMJ, neuropathy, insomnia,
You name it.
It normally sells for $1,900.
But we're giving one away to the winner of our raffle.
Raffle tickets are just $10.
You can purchase as many as you wish to increase your chances of winning.
And every dollar supports our work here at VSRF.
All right.
I'm going to now introduce and welcome founder of VSRF, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, how are you this evening?
I'm good.
Excellent.

[SPEAKER_05]
Good to see you.
Having a good time analyzing the check data for my contest.

[SPEAKER_02]
A little party told me you're getting even closer.
You may have one more meeting next week, and then is that true?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that's supposed to be our final meeting.
I've been doing this since the beginning of the year, so we're eight months down into it.
And I've finally perfected the analysis technique that shows that the vaccines cause harm.
And so just today,
I have a new normalization method, and I looked at the output and was just knocked my socks off.
So I need to apply it to the booster shots as well and see how that works out.
But I'm pretty excited.
This is like spending months and months and months and finally getting to the end of the book to find out how it ends.
And I'm like one chapter away.
I want to find out what's in that chapter.
So I'm excited.

[SPEAKER_02]
So this is going to be your last meeting with the judges.
And then how long do they have to come up?

[SPEAKER_05]
That I don't know.
We play this by ear.

[SPEAKER_02]
You'd think after they've made their minds made up.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I asked them in a recent conversation, I said, so what's your estimate for the three key parameters, the infection, death, and vaccine-induced death?
And so three parameters, those are the three key parameters.
And they said, well,
Um, we're not sure.
We think the confidence intervals are really wide.
So we, we declined to, uh, to speculate as to what it is, but come on, you have to have a point estimate at your, your eight months into the debate and you don't have a point estimate.
Uh, so I'm not impressed.

[SPEAKER_02]
And you'd think after all this time, they've probably seen people injured, even if they don't know it, but after reading all the data you're presenting that,
whether they watch somebody on the news who's famous that's passed away or someone close to them that they might go, ah, this is what Steve's been talking about.
You'd think that that might have an influence on them.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, you'd think that, you know, there's so much evidence.
For example, if there's no infection benefit, which there isn't, right?
The infection's got worse.
If there's no infection benefit, there's no vaccine in history where there's no infection benefit, which has a mortality benefit.
There's no vaccine in history where when there's no hospitalization benefit, there's a death benefit.
So you would think this would be like pretty easy for anybody to figure out.
So it's kind of surprising to me, but on the other hand, I had a conversation with a top epidemiologist yesterday and I reviewed the K-Corps method that I invented.
And I said, so here's what the data shows.
And I said, so there's shows that there's harm, right?
And he says, I don't know.
And it was showing like a doubling of mortality after you got the shots.
And he said, I don't know whether that's a safety signal or not.
So I'm like, this is concerning.

[SPEAKER_02]
The mass hypnosis, that spell is very challenging.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, no, no, no.
This is a guy who's on our side.
That's the weird thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, that's weirder.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, that was weird.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, we do know that the uptake is down on people just aren't getting the jabs.
And a lot of parents are questioning whether they should get the jabs on the schedule, the traditional vaccines, and are turning to alternatives because they don't want to put their kids in schools for that and then other reasons.
And that's what we're going to get into tonight.
So I want to bring on our very special guest, Sam Sorbo.
Sam, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I'm fabulous because I have wanted to talk to you guys for quite a long time.
And so this is a little bit of a dream come true for me, frankly, tonight.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, Phil, thank you so much for coming on.
This is such an important subject, especially right now as all of this information and data is coming out and all the work that Kennedy is doing.
in the HHS and a lot of parents are questioning, finally, whether this is the right thing to do.
Before we get started, I want to read your bio for those that don't know about you.
Sam Sorbo is a leading voice for education freedom dedicated to helping families break free from the modern school system.
A former Hollywood actress, writer, and producer, she stepped away from her career to homeschool her three children for over a decade.
experience that it revealed the deeper purpose of education beyond academics.
Today, Sam is an author, podcast host, international speaker, and founder of Their Your Kids Foundation, which supports parents in reclaiming their role as primary educators.
Through her books, events, and media work, she quips families to educate differently
and raise independent resilient thinkers.
Having just graduated her third child, Sam continues her mission through advocacy and leadership.
She recently co-founded the Parents Demanding Justice Alliance.
to defend parents who were unjustly targeted for speaking out against school boards and government overreach.
Fantastic, this is gonna be great.
I wanna remind everyone in our audience that we will be having Q&A after the interview with Steve and Sam.
So if you have questions for Sam or Steve or even me, put your questions all caps in the chat and I will answer as many as we can get to.
Okay, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_05]
So Sam is great to meet you and thanks for all the work you're doing and the pioneering work you're doing.
I think the best place to get started is where you started in homeschooling and how long ago was it?
How old were your kids at the time and why did you do it?

[SPEAKER_01]
So my oldest went through first and second grade, and I just thought that they weren't teaching him well.
I didn't think that he was learning valuable things.
I don't know what education, I don't know what I thought education should look like, but it didn't look like that.
And then to add insult to injury, he was coming home with this attitude because he was a very popular child.
In first grade, all the fifth graders knew his name.
He ruled the roost and he brought that attitude home.
And so I wasn't crazy about that.
And I said to my husband, I think I could fail at homeschooling him and he'll still be better off as an individual, as a person.
And that's because I didn't see the academic benefit.
And I had no idea if I would be able to succeed academically with him, even though I'm highly educated, which I laugh about.
Like it's, it's ludicrous, right?
But I just knew that I could, I could raise a resilient child, a child who was kind.
And I wasn't seeing those character traits sort of being, you know, effectively imparted at the school level.
And so I brought him home.
My other two went to kindergarten, unfortunately.
I don't advocate for that.
I don't advise that.
And I'd love to start with just a brief commentary of where you began this conversation and this idea that this epidemiologist can't look at a simple graph and give you a yes or no answer.
It's either yes or no.
You are an epidemiologist.
You're an expert.
You should be able to look at data and resolve.
And he can't because he's captured in a sense, ideologically.
And I would put to you, we all are because we went to school.
And what we learned in school is one very basic lesson.
School good.
You maybe not so much, but school is good.
And school teaches.
And maybe you have a problem with the learning.
But school is good.
And so we are all caught in that sort of trap of thinking that whatever, whatever we don't, whatever we are incapable of, that's personal.
We personalize our failures.
That's on me.
I couldn't learn math.
I don't have a math brain.
You know, I'm a loser.

[SPEAKER_05]
You got a math kid though.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh no, I have a math brain.
This is a bad example, but for instance, I don't have a math brain, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
I think you're a calculus tutor, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes, I love math.
Unfortunately, my kids actually, as mathematical as they are some of them, they didn't take, it didn't take, but that's okay.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wait a minute, I thought one of them was the mathematician.

[SPEAKER_01]
He was when he was younger.
And then he got very frustrated with being told what to do.
So he decided not to become an engineer.

[SPEAKER_05]
Is that your second child?
Yeah.
So the first child is the entertainer.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_05]
And then your third child is a girl and she's the artist, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
She's the artist.
Very much the artist.
And she's brilliant in ways that I can't describe because I don't understand how she comes up with the stuff that she does.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
And so she's the one who taught me the biggest lesson of all, which was because I don't know how to teach art, right?
And I was still playing the role of the teacher because that's the paradigm that we've adopted because we all went to school.
So we all adopted this paradigm that you need a teacher, the teacher teaches, and the student learns.
And if the student fails to learn, it's not the teacher's fault, it's the student's fault.

[SPEAKER_05]
Well, I... Yeah, you flipped that around, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
And I kind of hit the wall with her when she was about 11, and I realized that she's very much an artist.
She spends three hours a day on art.
She loved art.
And I was like, well, how am I going to teach that?
Like, I get it.
I'm supposed to teach them, but I don't know how to teach that.
And so a friend of mine said, well, maybe you should get her an anatomy class because I know artists, you know, they should know anatomy.
So I ran up to her room and I said, let's find you an anatomy class, right?
And she said, oh, mommy, as only an 11 year old can do, right?
And she opened her sketchbook and showed me the interior drawings of the, of the human knee in various positions labeled.
Some of them.
And I was like, you're teaching yourself anatomy yourself?
And she said, well, yes, mommy, if I want to be an artist, I have to know anatomy.
And so what I'm trying to present to people is children learn accidentally.
They learn because they're curious, because they want to learn.
And school gets in the way of that because school tells them, no, you have to learn this thing that you're totally not interested in.
And then you have to learn this other thing because there's a schedule to keep and we have bells that we ring.
And so what that does is that derails the child's learning.
It does the opposite of education.
But if you, if you allow a child some leeway, I'm not saying hands off.
I'm saying some leeway.
And you try to determine what, what it is that gets that child's motor running.
You will have somebody that far surpasses anything that you could even dream of because they're all, they're all gifted separately, differently.
You know, I was gifted in math.
I, I, I wasn't gifted in.
You know, I want to say language, but I'm gifted in languages, so that's wrong.
But at the time I was taught, no, you're gifted in math.
You don't do English and you don't do history because I went to school and they bifurcate those two things, right?
And they've divided it all now.
And none of it should be divided because math is science and science is history.
And history is reading and writing and language, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
So how did you skip the brainwashing?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I don't, well, I was brainwashed.
The question is, how did I get out of it?
And it's probably a story similar to yours.
I started looking at the evidence and I just went, this doesn't add up.
This isn't making sense.
And that's when I, you know, it started when I pulled my child out of school, my oldest, but it took me 10 years.
It took me probably 10 years to figure it all out, to understand the lies that are baked into the system
The lie of, you know, the first thing that you learn to do, what do you learn to do first?
If you want to ask a question in school, what do you have to do?
You have to raise your hand.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Raise your hand.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
You have to draw attention to yourself.
Nobody wants to do that.
It's a visceral lesson.
You're embodying the lesson.
It's visceral.
You have to, you have to, you, you have to wait for permission.
You, you are not the boss of you.
The other person, the teachers, the boss, and she might not have time for that question.
That might not be a good question for her right now.
Right?
That is a deterrent to learning.
The first thing you learn in school is you're not going to learn so fast.
Not, not like that.
You don't get to learn that fast.
Sit down, shut up.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Well, it's institutionalized.

[SPEAKER_01]
Right.
It's the whole thing.
And so somebody asked me once, well, Sam, what do you do?
You know, you'd have chaos in the classroom.
The kids have to raise their hands.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
Right.
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_01]
I said, that's a you problem.
I own school.
My kids never raised their hands.

[SPEAKER_05]
So how old are your kids right now?

[SPEAKER_01]
23, 21 and 19.

[SPEAKER_05]
And are they still in school or are they out in the workplace?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, they're out in the workplace, all of them.
They all opted against college.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
Which was hard for me because I went to college, even though I'm a dropout.
My husband went to college, he dropped out.
You know, good.
Well, the more I looked into it, uh, you know, and I was planning for my kids to go to college because I was raised to go to college.
That's the mantra.
And it took me a, it took me a while to sort of work through this idea that maybe college isn't the best answer for everybody.
And so when my son said he wanted to be an actor and he knew where he wanted to go to college,
I laughed and I said, darling, you don't you don't need to go to college to be an actor.
And that's what started that.
And so his brother followed a little bit in his footsteps.
And then Octavia is not interested in somebody telling her how good her art is.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.
And so what's she doing now?

[SPEAKER_01]
She's, she's working at a salon and she is tutoring.
Uh, she tutors Latin and she tutors math, which is kind of funny.
Um, cause she's not so much of a math and she tutors writing also.
She tutors.
Um, and so that's basically what she, and she's pursuing her art.

[SPEAKER_05]
On, on the side, uh, uh, and her art is like, uh, sculptures or, uh, she sells her art also.

[SPEAKER_01]
So she does events and, uh, stuff like that also.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
But what kind of artwork just out of curiosity.

[SPEAKER_01]
She does.
She does painting in acrylic.
She also does watercolor and she does digital art by and large.
She's taken up sculpting, but that's sort of new for her.
So, you know, sculpting is like drawing in 4D or drawing in three dimensions, I guess.
And so it's kind of the next level.
She hasn't leveled up there yet.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yes, and then you get to Mount Rushmore and then you get into a whole nother level of dimensionality on that one.
Okay, so I'm curious, have your kids been vaccinated?

[SPEAKER_01]
So I did vaccinate my babies.
Always late and never more than one at a time.
So did you know at the time?
Because I was highly skeptical.
I beg your pardon.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you were skeptical at the time, so you basically slow rolled it.

[SPEAKER_01]
And I remember broaching the subject with my pediatrician at one point and she read me the riot act about, you know, how much worse the disease is.
And she, and she, she struck fear in my heart, which is, was her job at the time, sadly.
I don't believe it should have been her job, but she saw it as her job and she was highly effective.
Um, and then at some point I just stopped.
And I can't tell you when, I think the boys are fully vaccinated, my daughter not so much, but it could be that Shane mixed out on a couple at the end or something because I was just like, they're healthy kids, why am I doing this?
And, um, and so I stopped, uh, and I wish that I hadn't, um, although it's not that I'm seeing any, you know, deleterious effects.
I just, I just, and so the problem that we have, Steve is they've lost all credibility if you're at all paying attention.
And so people don't want to pay attention because they don't want to give up.
the, I don't know, the comfort level of thinking that, you know, farmers got my back, the schools got my back.
It's, they're really, they're two of the same, they're two peas in a pod in a sense.
And that's why I wanted to talk to you because you raised this question on your podcast of, you know, why are people so, so eager to believe or so, so, you know, blinded to the truth?
And the reason is because we all went to school.
And there's a second reason, frankly, because the school's mantra is college prep and career readiness.
Well, what is that really if you think about it?
That is convincing you that you need to go spend as much money as possible on college, as much money as you can possibly afford.
Go into debt to go to college, but what for?
To get a career.
And why?
What's a career?
A career is a better-paying job.
Which means that your highest value is money.
Your job, your, your, your job here on earth, according to the school is to earn as much money as possible.
And that's very sad.
It's sad because some people don't earn as much money as possible and they're miserable.
And it's sad because the people who do earn all the money and never find their purpose, um, are miserable.
It's a setup for a, for a midlife crisis.

[SPEAKER_05]
So your kids, who made the decision that your kids weren't going to college?
Was that your kids making the decision?
Was that you?
Was it a joint decision?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, no, no, it was really my kids.
Like if I had wanted them to go to college, they do listen to me.
So I won't say that they wouldn't, you know, they wouldn't have ever gone if I had really pushed, but I wasn't about to push them into something that clearly was not.
a pathway for them.
And frankly, if they want to go to college, they can always go to college.
They can get that figured out.
But you know, I'm hard pressed to find a college that's really worth its salt.
What, Hillsdale maybe?
Liberty, depending on what you want to study.
But the fact is, if you want to study medicine, you don't have to go to college.
You want to study law, you don't have to go to college.
If you pass the MCATs,
Without going to college?
I don't think there's a medical school that wouldn't take you, right?
Right.
But we go through the system and we become systematized.
And so we buy into the paradigm, we just buy into it.
And so like I was saying earlier, I talked to a guy today with a six-year-old and I said, you take your six-year-old to work, why don't you homeschool him?
And he said, well, I wouldn't be able to do the curriculum with him.
And so I said, well, what curriculum?
If you homeschool, you design the curriculum.
And it was like, what?
I don't have to answer to the school for that?
Like, I don't have to report in?
No, in the state of Florida.
Now, different states have different rules.
This is true.
California is one of the most lenient.
You don't even have to report curriculum.
There's no testing.
Here in the state of Florida, they test once a year.
But even that, you can just do an evaluation instead of a test.
I don't believe in testing either.
Just to lay it all out on the table.
I'm a terrible test taker.
And the kids that I tutored in organic chemistry, they always did better than I did on the same test.
So, uh, so, you know, the whole system, honestly, the whole system is against the individual.
The entire system is bankrupt because it only seeks conformity.
And it's ostracizing to kids who aren't just average, basically.
It kind of puts them on the outskirts.
And in fact, Dewey, who brought in, he was one of the guys who brought in standardized testing, I think it was he who said, we're implementing standardized testing is basically a way to put a dunce cap on all the students.

[SPEAKER_05]
So I'm okay.
So I'm curious, your kids are are critical thinkers, then is that they figured it out.
So what's their view on the COVID vaccines and vaccines in general?
Do they think mommy made a mistake in vaccinating them?
Are they like, are they blue pilled or red pilled on on vaccination in general and also on the COVID vaccines?
What's their

[SPEAKER_01]
So my kids have forgiven me for any vaccines that they might have had.
And they are not, they are seeking to potentially date people who have not been vaccinated because they do not believe in the COVID vaccine.
But they are so far, and by the way, this is a trend in the youth, the youth of this nation, maybe it's by and large homeschooled youth, but at youth, but I think it's gone farther than that.
Um, they don't believe, uh, they go back to the JFK assassination.
Nope.
Nah, that was a government op.
Like, like they, they're so far done with it.
And in fact, this administration is losing some ground with the Epstein stuff because they, they believe there's a huge pedophile ring that, uh, is being covered up for right now.
There's a, there's a lot of that stuff that's out there that they are just not,
I think young men in particular, what I've seen when I go to events and things is there's a, there's a feeling from the young man that there is a cabal and elitist cabal that is hell bent on destroying the American dream, which is actually no longer available to them already.
And I know for one, my oldest is kind of upset because they've severely limited the pool of young available women for him.
Um, and they're not the only ones, uh, you know, only fans has done a number there too, right?
A lot of, a lot of destruction in our, in our culture, a lot of self-destruction, if you will, but certainly, you know, promoted by certain types of certain individuals.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right, so your kids have essentially eyes wide open, they see everything, they see the truth, they can see through all of the bullshit, they must think that, you know, so for example, they think that the CDC is corrupt and bought by pharma and, you know, all this stuff that took me a while.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, like that's like the least of there, like they did that in sixth grade.
That's the basics.
Right, and it's funny because I'm learning a lot from them.

[SPEAKER_05]
I'm learning a lot from that.
What do they think of all this?
Mommy, why is the system so corrupt?
Do you have discussions about why things are so broken?

[SPEAKER_01]
If I take you back, I used to do radio.
I did three hours of radio every day, drive time.
It's indicated nationally.
And I talked about politics and religion, because those were the only two things worth talking about.
And at this point, 2012, I think it was 2012, Obama was back in office for a second term.
So it was 2013, maybe.
And the sequester was coming.
And he was running from it like a scared chicken, like, oh, the sequester.
They're going to cut all these things.
We have to stop the sequester.
It's terrible, terrible thing.
And I got off the air, and I went out, and I guess he was 12 then, my son, maybe just 11 or 12, something like that.
And I told him that.
And he said, but mom, he implemented the sequester.
He's the one who signed it.
And it hadn't even occurred to me.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
And so my kids have been exposed to this because I've had political conversations with them, religious conversations with them.
When you bring your children home to educate them, you start to understand that education is the whole thing.
It's not just academics.
So people are afraid of the academics because they know that they didn't really care for the academics in school.
But it's almost, the academics are almost superfluous.
It's everything else.
Your kids want to be you.
And the best way to teach them how to be you is to be you in front of them all the time.
It's literally, it's parenting.
That's what home education is.
And if you throw in some academics, that's good, right?
But if all you do is teach them to read and then supply them with good books and keep them off porn and the internet, basically, they will far surpass anything that you could possibly imagine because if they haven't been jaded against,
learning like they get in school where they're forced to read really boring, dry crap, right?
They'll be reading really entertaining, fabulous literature, historic literature.
They'll just naturally far exceed your wildest dreams.
And we don't trust that anymore because we don't trust our children.
We don't trust ourselves.
We trust in government.
We trust in money.
We have completely misplaced trust.
We trust in big pharma, right?
We have misplaced trust.
And so we have to reach a point where we're willing to say, oh my gosh, I've trusted the wrong thing.
I need to trust in God.
I need to trust in myself.
I need to trust in my loved ones, right?
And that's difficult.
You're jumping from one cliff to another cliff in a sense.
At least that's the way I'm sure it feels to a lot of people.
You're an epidemiologist, notwithstanding.

[SPEAKER_05]
So, so when you school your kids at home, uh, do you have like group sessions, like you're all in a classroom together or is it all individual enablement or a combination?

[SPEAKER_01]
Literally you write it yourself.
You figure out exactly what you're looking for.
There are groups.
I did a group.
I did what's called a co-op.
We met one day a week.
It was, um, when the kids get into seventh grade and up, it's an all day one day a week in a group.
Um, they supplied all the curriculum.
It was classical.
Uh, I love classical curriculum.
I'd never, I'd never known of it before.
And when I found it, I was like, Oh, this, this is the thing.
But, um, there are other, there are other programs.
There's an online classical school that is soup to nuts.
And you just sit your, your kid down in front of a computer for a couple hours a day and they get all the stuff given to them.
And the testing is, you know, they, they test and they,
grade the papers and they great, you know Give the kid all the feedback so you could literally you could be entirely hands-off and still consider yourself homeschooling I I prefer to think of it or to call it.
I should say home education because What I want people to understand is it's not school school is not education and we need to and we need to separate those two things for instance and
The Bible is probably the best history textbook that we have of a certain age.
It's the best.
But they don't teach it in school.
Why?
Because there's a moral component to it.
But the Bible is one of the most sourced books in all of English literature.
So you can't tell me that you're educating somebody when you're hiding the Bible from them.
You can't read Shakespeare without a good knowledge of the Bible.
You can't read our founding documents without a knowledge of the Bible.
Just to be able to recognize, oh, they cited the Bible there.
Oh, that's biblical.
Don't hide your light under a bushel.
That's biblical.
Like, the idea that you're educated but you wouldn't know those things is absurd.
So we don't have a system of education.
We have a system of schooling.
We should change the name of the department of education right before we, you know, crash and burn it.
We should call it the department of schooling.

[SPEAKER_05]
So how can you benchmark your efforts to, uh, school your kids?
Like, how do you know whether you're below average, above average, or, you know, behind, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
Because that's a big word behind.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so how do you benchmark yourself to know whether you're doing a superb job?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I don't know.
I mean, Steve, you built a building on MIT campus.
I have never built MIT a building.
Does that mean I'm behind?

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah, you're one building behind.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'm one building behind you.
But I don't know.
I have a son who wrote two books.
How did you work out?
Right?
There is no such thing as behind.
This is a false concept that's created in the schools to make you feel like you're less than.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.
But.
I agree it would be hard to measure, but the question is how can it like they're there?
You could have two parents that do homeschooling and do they do it with two different techniques one one say does it the traditional?

[SPEAKER_01]
You know, right technique where they sit down and sit down and lecture them, right?

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, and then then the other parent does it your way
um, where you're enabling the kid to learn on their own and, and helping to guide the kid.
And those are two different ways of educating kids.
How do you, how do you know that your way is the right way?
I mean, you, okay.
Good answer.

[SPEAKER_01]
The best thing that you can hope for because, because the object of education is to teach the child how to learn.
Then it's up to the child.
You don't have the magic pill to force the outcome of what your child becomes.
People have tried, oh, my son's going to be a doctor.
I'm going to do everything I can to get him into Harvard Medical School.
And then he's going to be a doctor.
And that's going to be his path in life.
And then you have a miserable kid.
Because he never wanted to be a doctor.
And so we should stop playing that game.
And what I'm advocating for is this idea that children are gifted with a purpose.
And your job as the parent is to help them uncover that purpose.
It's not to define their purpose for them.
It's because we want happy individuals.
We want individuals who are loving and giving and forgiving and know how to ask for forgiveness and know how to contribute to society.
And none of that has anything to do with academics.
So you should absolutely like try to find the academics to give your child and do the best that you can with that.
But is it absolutely necessary?
I don't know if you've got a self starting kid who's, who's motivated, he's going to far exceed the academics that you have.
And my son loves 3D printing.
So he bought himself a 3D printer and he did all the 3D printing he designs.
He actually, I'll give a quick shout out.
He designed the, uh, the cube that's on the Lego imagination.
Uh, it's in competition right now to see if they'll actually create it as a, as a Lego toy.
It's the cube from some game, which I don't even know, like I have no idea.
And in fact, this is another problem with the schools.
They are training so-called, they're saying, right, that they're training children to join the workforce.
What workforce?
Who knows what the workforce is going to be 10 years from now.
They have no idea.
So they're just training kids to obey, basically, to be complacent, to conform,
And we have no idea what the future holds.
I would stake my money on a kid who basically had no training, but is self-taught.
and can solve any problem that comes at him because he was just given a bunch of problems to solve for himself, right?
And that's why Harvard and Yale and Princeton and Cornell and they're all recruiting homeschoolers now because the homeschoolers are the kids that think outside the box.
The kids that go to school are taught to think inside a box.
They're given the problem and they are graded on the solution that conforms the best to the solution that's already provided.
They're not problem solvers.
by and large.
I'm speaking obviously in generalities.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay, so when you started off on this journey to homeschool your kids, did you like read two, three, four books so that you would have a background for how to do it right?
Or did you just say, screw it, I'm going to do it myself and roll it my way?
And then did you then
Then write a book after that saying, hey, here's how I did it.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yes.
So I did write the book afterwards.
When I started, there is a seminal work called the well-trained mind, which is it approaches a classical conversation.
It is the Martha Stewart version of homeschooling.
It's way too hard.
But if you have an extremely academic type of child as a student, you probably could get it done.
My children were not hyperacademic.
I forced them to do the academics.
If I had to do it over again, I probably wouldn't do that because I think it killed a little bit of something inside them that maybe didn't need to die.
But then again, my oldest has written two books that are both published and he's just on a tear.
So I guess I didn't do it all wrong.
And so what I say to people is, even though I did the academics and I drilled them,
I also allowed them, you know, half day every day to just go and explore and do what they wanted and read good books.
And I think that was the catalyst that kind of set them free.
That and we read the Bible every day.
Yeah, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, yeah.
Go ahead.
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, I tell parents, if the only thing you do is read the Bible every day because it is a source of truth, um, you will, what will happen is your children will start to be able to discern truth and then they will be on a mission to discover truth, which is education, right?
Education is the search for truth.
Education is, is this the, the search for discernment, the search for wisdom, the search for truth.

[SPEAKER_05]
So you wrote a book on how I did it and would you recommend that if you're going to homeschool your kids that your book would be one of the top resources that they would look at to do it, right?

[SPEAKER_01]
I've been told that it is.
I've been told by people who visit me when I speak at conventions and conferences and stuff.
Where do I have it here?

[SPEAKER_05]
All right.
All right.

[SPEAKER_01]
I've been told that this is the book.
They're your kids.
I named my foundation after it.
This is why you should homeschool and how I did it.

[SPEAKER_05]
Is this on Amazon?
Can I go look it up on Amazon?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, or sorbostudios.com.
I send people to my website because whatever.

[SPEAKER_05]
And you said your son wrote two books.
What are the two books your son wrote?

[SPEAKER_01]
His books are the BS Guide to Politics, which is sort of a resource for young people to understand the political terminologies and the way that they're changing our language today.
And his initials are BS, in case you were thinking that that stood for something else.
And then his second book was called Embrace Masculinity, Standing Up in a World that Beats You Down for Young Men and Young Women to Bease Cover Traditional Roles.

[SPEAKER_05]
And how, how well have those books done?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, embrace masculinity came out about, I might be two months now, so it's still new, but it's doing very well.
And he's doing a lot of speaking and a lot of, um, a lot of, uh, podcasts and stuff like that interviews on it.

[SPEAKER_05]
How long did it take him to write the book?

[SPEAKER_01]
About a year.
And I don't, I won't hesitate to say that I said to him, uh, about a year and a half ago, I said, I think it's time you wrote a second book.
And he sat down and started writing.
I was like, shocked, but he, he saw the wisdom in that.
And he, so he started writing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Great.
What are their day jobs for the three kids?
What do they do?

[SPEAKER_01]
So Braden does social media management for people.
He also is on a podcast called Rift.
He's actually broadcasting right now, I think.
It's a fairly new podcast.
He's also a campaign manager for somebody who's running for Congress.
He does a number of things.
That's, I think that's probably covers it.
I mean, he's a public speaker and stuff like that too.
Um, Shane is a model.
He just got back from, uh, Mexico city for three months and Octavia as I, I mentioned what Octavia is doing right now.
But yeah, we look at the fruit, right?
We want to see, well, where did they end up?
And I will tell you that there was a little bit of nail biting on my part because I was taught to trust the system.
The system would turn out somebody capable.
And of course, we're seeing now that the system isn't working because we have children graduating college unable to pay their loans and saying, government bail me out.
And they're living in their parent space, right?
And all of that.

[SPEAKER_05]
So it's fair to say, yeah.

[SPEAKER_01]
At the one point, you can't trust the system.
But on the other hand, you kind of have to take a leap of faith.
to educate your child and trust that your child will get it figured out because your child will eventually become an adult.
And that's what adults do.
And so the problem with the system is it does not turn out adults.
It turns out children to the point where they're so infantilized, they have a new word called adulting for
doing adult behavior, like signing a lease.
They call it, oh, I'm adulting now.
And that's because the system, because it is so structured, it never permits them to be adult, to make decisions, to have autonomy.
So when they finally have autonomy, they don't know what to do with it and they get drunk.

[SPEAKER_05]
So is it, it's fair to say that you have no regrets pursuing that maybe the one regret would be, why didn't I do this sooner?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, I will tell you my one regret.

[SPEAKER_05]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_01]
My daughter went to kindergarten, half day.
It was cute.
It was sweet.
The teacher was sweet, the little kids, everybody.
And for a long time when I was homeschooling her, I would tell her how clever she was and I would write down the clever things that she would say because they really were clever.
And when she was 16, she said to me, mom, you know, I finally figured out why I think I'm stupid.
And I was like, I did not know that she thought she was stupid, but okay, let's go with this.
What, when was that?
She said, well, in kindergarten.
We had to read our sight words.
And do you remember Stephen?
He was the smart kid.
And of course I remembered Stephen.
And by the way, there is always a smart kid and there's always a stupid kid.
And Stephen went up and he read his sight words and he did them perfectly.
And she went up after him and got stage fright because she was shy.
And so she did not do them perfectly, even though her plan was to do them perfectly.
And the class laughed.
And that's when she said, oh, so I'm the stupid one.
Now it's bad enough that she just took that on herself, right?
And I didn't know because I wasn't there.
And the, the, the best case scenario is I showed up to pick her up and the teacher said, it was so cute.
She tried to read her sight words and she couldn't do it.
We laughed, but it was fine.
Maybe just read sight words with her a little bit practice, right?
That would be that.
It was like a non-event except that it was a seminal moment for her.
But understand that for 10 years I was telling her how bright she was.
And she thought I was lying to her.
So that's my regret.
That's why I say to people, and by the way, don't give your children to strangers, full stop.
Like, I mean, we're just covering a case for parental, sorry, parents demanding justice of a woman who's a 14 year veteran teacher for special needs kids.
And she goes into a classroom and she sees that they have two, three by four mirrors that are perfectly positioned to see up girl's skirts.
So she turned them in and the school board sided with the teacher who put the mirrors in.
And she's going into debt.
She has to mortgage her house for her legal costs.
These people are insane and they're out there and they want to have sex with your kids.
Like, I mean, my message used to be homeschool is so much better than school.
School will never beat homeschool.
Oh my gosh, school is so detrimental.
Don't do anything with your kids.
Just don't put them in school.
I don't care if you teach them anything, their whole lives.
But to expose them to what's happening in our schools today is child abuse.
The pornography in the books that's in our schools.
And if this is new to anybody, go to my website because I have resources on my website.
The, the common core, you probably, I mean, you're a mathematician, right?
Do you understand what common core was to math?
What Common Core did to math was make it basically untenable.
It removed it from the grasp of these children who were coming up.
And it also formed a wedge between the child and the parent because the child said to daddy, you know, can you help me with my math homework?
And dad said, yeah, here's the standard algorithm.
This is how we multiply and we carry the number and then we add it up and whatever, right?
No, no, daddy, you have to do it their way.
Their way is different.
You have to count down first and then you add it on at the end and you have the lattice method and it's all, it's actually, it's in my book.
It's bull crap.
What it does is it makes math magic so that it doesn't make any sense whatsoever.
So you won't pursue it because it's ridiculous.
That's what they did.
And sorry, I love math.
So you can tell I'm getting passionate about it.
They killed math.
They did it with reading.
They did it with whole word reading.
You probably, you probably, I don't know.
Maybe you remember this or not, but they, they instituted whole word reading back in the, I think it was the sixties.
And the reason was because they weren't selling any new books.
So they had to come up with a new methodology to teach reading.
So the phonics went out the window.
They hadn't tested whole word reading.
They had no idea.
In fact, I would guarantee they knew that it wouldn't work, but they didn't care.
And so they implemented whole word reading.
They went to a gentleman and they gave him a list of words and they said, we need you to create some new books based on these words.
And he said, well, the only way I'm going to be able to do that is if I just, I rhyme them because they, they don't make any sense.
Otherwise I'll just make rhymes.
Do you know who that was?
Dr. Seuss.

[SPEAKER_05]
That's, that would have been my guess, but.

[SPEAKER_01]
And, and it's funny because growing up, I hated Dr. Seuss.
I don't know why it just made no sense to me.
I was like, this is ridiculous.
Why are we reading this?
This is, this is so, and, and don't read Dr. Seuss to your kids because I don't care if you loved it.
It's nonsensical.
You're training your child to just laugh and not pay attention and not care.
It's a terrible thing to do to kids.
And by the way, like our entire culture has been influenced this way.
The whole word reading decimated our literacy.
I just wrote an article about this.
Our literacy is so far declined.
That, uh, it doesn't even compare at the turn of the previous century, we had almost a hundred percent literacy and we were reading Dickens.
We were reading complex sentence structure, big words, erudite, comprehensive, big words in big sentences.
Today we have short sentences with emojis.

[SPEAKER_05]
So do your kids realize that they've been brought up differently and look at other kids differently and sort of realize the differences, their cognizant of the differences?

[SPEAKER_01]
very much and my children sadly are very adult and so most of their you know peers are less so and so they they do struggle a little bit because because they are different but they are also proud to be different they're they're glad that they're different
And I remember when they were little, we would drive past the school and they'd go, look, mommy, a child prison.
But I will tell you, you need to do that for your kids.
You need to empower your children and they need to understand that they are unique and they are special and you are treating them better than you would treat anybody else's kids, for instance.
They should know that.

[SPEAKER_05]
And last topic before we get to questions,
Do you go to school board meetings and maybe speak up a little bit at school board meetings?

[SPEAKER_01]
And get arrested?
I have done.
I did way back when they were first putting, to my knowledge, they were first putting these pornographic books in front of children.
And my son also spoke.
He was 16.
And he said, I want to read you a passage from this book, but I can't because it's pornography.
But it's in the schools and it's being assigned.
And I think that's wrong.
I don't speak at school board meetings currently.
Honestly, I don't have time to keep track of everything.
Right now, parents demanding justice alliances is a group that I'm working heavily with to get the parents who were unfairly targeted by their school boards and local police.
And the school boards, by the way, they command the local police as if the police just worked for them.
Um, and there's so many of these parents.
We have a dossier that we've created.
It's at realfreedomtalk.com and you can look, look it all up.
We are a 501 C three.
We are fundraising to help some of these parents out with their legal costs and, um, and the costs of going to Washington and lobbying and trying to get.
Trying to get things to change because here's the thing, the number one indicator.
for academic success for a child.
These are their metrics, right?
The number one indicator is parental involvement.
So I advocate for maximizing parental involvement.
It's that simple.
If you're involved with your child, your child will be smarter, brighter, faster, happier than another child who doesn't have a parent involved or has a parent minimally involved.
And it's not as hard as you think it is to home educate your children.
It's just not.
And I can show you how, and I've written a book about that too.

[SPEAKER_05]
You've written a book about that too.
Is this another book?

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, it's a different book.
Parents Guide to Home School.
It's actually a workbook for the parents because people always ask me, what curriculum do you recommend?
And what I say to them is education is not data entry.
Education is lighting a fire.
So you need to take the school out of you, and then you can work on educating your child.
And that's what this is.
Hopefully it opens, well, it has.
So it opens people's eyes to see the possibilities because the possibilities are so much more than you imagine them to be.

[SPEAKER_05]
And what kind of time commitment does this require on the part of the parent?

[SPEAKER_01]
Like an hour, maybe two hours a day.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.
Because you're not doing the learning.
Yeah, it's modest.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's very modest.
And if you don't have an hour or two to devote to your child.
So I just talked to a gentleman and he, um, he works as a, he's a tradesman and he takes a six year old with him to work with him.
And I said, you can home school.
You don't have to sit and read a book all day to your child because nobody does that.
They don't do that in the school.
If you ask teachers how much time they spend with each child, it's like 15 minutes per child.
If you can do 15 minutes per child, let's say you do 20, you're ahead.
if you want to get back to ahead and behind and, you know, yeah, it's a lot easier than people think.
And it's, it's this, it's the preservation of the family, which is the preservation of the nation.

[SPEAKER_05]
And does Kevin get involved in this?

[SPEAKER_01]
Or is it just your yes, he was Jim teacher.
But see what happened with Kevin is he traveled so much.
He very quickly realized that he would see the kids a lot more if they weren't in school.
And especially because he traveled a lot on weekends.
It just worked out that he traveled a lot on weekends.
But when he was home during the week, he took the kids to Home Depot with him.
He took them to run errands with him.
And then I did the catch up on the weekends, right?
If it worked out that way.
So it's the preservation of the family.
Children should be with their dads.
They should get to know their dads.
Do you realize we have generations of children who have no idea what their dads do?
And those are the dads that they know.
Of course, we have a father posity right now, which is a real dearth of fathers, which is really terrible.
But even if you have a father that you know,
He goes to work every day.
You have no idea what he does.
I really encourage people to bring their children to work.
I wrote an article about Elon Musk bringing his kid to work with him.
And he brought his kids to India with him.
Because that's what we should be doing.
That's how children become adults.
They're exposed to adults and they go, oh, that's what we're supposed to do.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what did your kids think of how Hollywood treated their father?

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, they're just proud of him.
They're just happy for him.
They, you know, it was, it was a little bit gradual and they were kind of young.
So they didn't really like, they weren't really that involved in it.
They saw some of the, the nastiness or whatever.
But honestly, the, the, the way that the left can kill you is by silence.
And so that was a lot of it.
Like they, they did an intervention with Kevin, basically kicking him out.
Like we can't work with you because, because of, you know, what you stand for or whatever.
Um, and then, and then it just was quiet.
Like there were just no offers or whatever.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's essentially blacklisted, but I've got two that want to be actors.

[SPEAKER_05]
Yeah.
Well, so is he bitter about that?
Like, what is he, uh,
you know, or was he bitter when, when it started?
Because, you know, the, the hypocrisy of it all, you know, Hollywood, um, saying one thing and actually acting the opposite way.
What, what was his reaction to that?
And, and how's he feel about it now?

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, he laughed about it, frankly.
Um, I don't think he's bitter.
I think he's, um, a little annoyed.
Like, you know, it, it just, I think it's, I think it's reasonable to be annoyed at the absurdity
and the irony, let's say, and the hypocrisy, right?
But again, it was a little bit gradual.
The one meeting was like, that was an IO opener.
But leading up to that, he had been very vocal.
And of course, he lived in New Zealand and we lived in Vancouver before we went back to Hollywood.
So it was only when we got back to Hollywood that he really had an opportunity, in a sense, to be more vocal.
And I warned him.
You know, they're not gonna like that.
And he said, I don't care.
And I think in the long run, he does care.
Like he would love to win an Oscar, except the Oscars are so tarnished now.
Like who wants a peace prize?
Like nobody, you know, worth their salt.
And so Hollywood has sort of done it to themselves in a sense.
And I think that, you know, he's, the kids admire him and I admire him because he's just stayed true to who he is and stayed true to the truth, which is basically what Ronald Reagan did, right?
So, um, yeah, it just, it just worked out the way that it worked out.
And honestly, he's doing movies that help people.
that change lives for the better.
And that's, that's what he's really, he loves to do that because it's more, more fulfilling than just doing the next action picture or whatever.

[SPEAKER_05]
So do you ever appear in any of his films?

[SPEAKER_01]
I do.
I just shot one last week in, um, in Las Vegas.
It was so funny because my husband's a golfer and he played a golfer and then I played his wife.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh.

[SPEAKER_01]
Who would have thought?
I don't know where they came up with that idea, but.

[SPEAKER_05]
No.
And somebody with a really good imagination probably thought of that one.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's called the Holy One.
It's probably not out till next year sometime.
And Dean Cain directed it.
So that was a lot of fun.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, wow.
Cool.
All right.
Livio.
Fantastic conversation.
And I want to pick up on Common Core in my pre-COVID times professional life.
editing and producing all kinds of content.
One of my clients was one of the major funders of Common Core.
It happened to be the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
And we made videos training teachers how to dump people down, how to dump the teachers down.
And that was part of my awakening to what was going on.
And they did some insidious stuff, like fund schools in poor communities,
and turn them into charter schools and then get them addicted to the funding that they were given to follow this new curriculum.
And actually, many of the teachers started speaking up about how it wasn't working.
The problem was if they couldn't opt out because then they became dependent on the funding for the charter school and then they were stuck.
And a lot of these teachers then got fired from these charter schools.

[SPEAKER_01]
So you are raising such an important point right now that actually doesn't have very much to do with Common Core.
And that is the school choice debate that's happening.
Because we are ushering in school choice.
We have a number of staunch conservatives, longtime activist conservatives, Christians, who are all on board with school choice.
And that is, you've just, in a nutshell, described what is going to happen with school choice.
I don't know who's funding it, but it's got a lot of money behind it, a lot.
And it is so dangerous, it will kill education.
And in the state of Florida, if you take the school choice money, you are no longer considered a homeschooler.
Because they own you because they've just purchased you.
This is like child trafficking.
They're literally giving parents money to have access to the kids.
I mean, I can't even.
And so I just love the fact that you brought that story up.
because it's more fodder.
I have a friend who has a small school that's a homeschool co-op.
She's got a library of 9,000 volumes and whatever.
She won't take the money from the state because she doesn't want the state to tell her what to do.
In the next town over, there's another co-op that started that is taking the money, and so their tuition rates are lower.
They can pay the teachers more, and they're putting her out of business.
It's the end of education.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes.
In fact, after the Common Core project, my next project was a documentary about the Texas education system called The Texas Promise.
And it was about funding public education.
And the bad guys were the school choice advocates.
And what they were doing is bringing in private corporations like Pearson to
privatized the management of the schools, the curriculum, the textbooks.
And yeah, and then that documentary got sort of buried because it actually unearthed many truths, especially.

[SPEAKER_01]
I'd love for you to send it to me.
But of course, Texas just adopted the massive, massive school choice bill.
And they're all just
Live, they're so happy about it.
And I don't understand how they've, they've either been bought themselves or they're completed.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to put a link to that film, the Texas promise in the chat right now.
but it brings up the whole charter school issue.
It actually has a lot to do with immigration.
I have to go back and look at that.
That was way back in 2015.
And I'm gonna lead into the first question from the audience, which is from C.D.
Andrew, which is what do you think of the trend toward the corporate takeover of the education system, which I have intimate knowledge.
Yes, it's happened already.

[SPEAKER_01]
So yeah, it's not an education system.
Please let's stop calling it that.
We'll call it a school system.
Okay.
And they have no business.
They have no business doing that.
But here's the problem, folks.
K through 12, we were convinced money is the highest good.
Take the money.
If there's money, take it.
There's no strings attached, right?
We were even sold in the state of Florida.
We were sold on school choice, no strings attached.
And I'm like, do you understand that that's fiscal irresponsibility?
Like they're literally saying they're not going to be responsible with your tax dollars and you're applauding it.
And so yes, what do I think about it?
I think it's the death of education.
I think it's,
It's I don't know what worse can come of this actually What's worse is it's pedophilia?
Eventually it will all devolve into pedophilia.
So AI AI will devolve into pedophilia You know our teachers look we've got some great teachers in the system that are that are working in a perverted system I get it but there are a lot of bad teachers out there teachers that put
uh put mirrors uh you know up against the wall so they can see up little girl skirts and teachers that put there was a there was a kindergarten teacher that was finally arrested um because they suspected drugs but they found porn child porn um he had put he had the only classroom that had its own bathroom and he had put a camera in the bathroom to watch his little kindergartners in the bathroom and sell that product online like
Where do pedophiles go?
Uh, gee, where it's ripe with children who are largely unsupervised.
Next question.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's dark.
Question from Upstart in Subordinate.
Is it true that the Bible is a or the source of truth?
How do you discern that?
Could it be only partially true and partially false?
And why the Bible in particular?
Does everyone agree what should be in it?
Complex.

[SPEAKER_01]
Yeah, so that's a theological question, and this is not the forum for that.
I've convinced myself that the Bible is the source of truth, and as it has played out in my life, because I started reading the Bible before I really knew that with my kids, and it had its effect on them.
That is beyond my wildest imaginings.
So I speak from experience, that if you give your child the Bible, and by the way, they do their own discernment.
My son has his own issues with the Bible that we used.
My daughter is developing her own issues with the Bible that we used, right?
So they have their own opinions about it, but my point is it set them on the path to truth, and they are very much adhered to discovering truth, which is really what this is about.
It's not about being right,
It's about searching for what's right.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great point.
Question from Alp Seven Cows.
Does Mrs. Sorbo have opinions on autism in kids and mandates, especially in the present schedule?

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, I'm going to make us some interpretations because that seems vague.
We're talking about vaccine mandates.
I don't believe in them.
I don't believe in mandates full stop.
I think we purported to be a free society and we should try to continue that way.
So a mandate to me is an act against everything that we hold dear.
um autism i i know too many cases that seem directly linked to uh vaccines uh i know andy wakefield personally i actually took part in his movie protocol seven which i highly recommend to everybody um i played a bad guy that was fun uh and who would you would you play i played the the principal that shut down the school board the school meeting uh because she dared to ask a question about you know opt outs or whatever um
He discovered, you need to understand his story.
He was not at all interested in autism.
He discovered gastrointestinal issues with exposure to measles.
And the exposure to measles could come with measles or it could come with a vaccine for measles because at that time it was the attenuated virus or the whatever it's called, the non-active virus.
Um, and he discovered the link.
And so we published the idea that you should maybe delay because at the earlier, the exposure, the worst, the condition.
So just delay.
And they said, bad doctor, def, defrocked and defenestered.
And so then he was, you know, up a creek.
Um, but it had nothing to do with autism.
Now, there are connections, I'm sure there are.
I'm convinced of it, but I'm not the scientist and I haven't done all of the research and I'm lucky that I dodged a bullet three times, right?
So that's the best that I can offer.

[SPEAKER_02]
Absolutely.
Question from, okay, a question from Angel177.
Let me go to the Gary Hawkins two questions.
Sam, would you mind telling us about when you and Kevin met?
I hear it was on the set of Hercules.

[SPEAKER_01]
How much time do we have?
We met on the set of Hercules.
He flirted uncontrollably with me and I enjoyed it.
And we hit it off immediately.
It was love at first sight.
I played a princess.
Our first scene was over a castle moat with the castle behind us and big Cluj lights and the smoke wafting up from the moat.
And he was dressed as Hercules and I was dressed in my regal robes.
And he couldn't remember his lines.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, wow.
That's a great story.
Follow up.
Angel 1775 asks, what did Kevin do to be shunned by Hollywood?
I missed the first part.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh, he spoke the truth.
He was just commenting on politics and what was going on.
And he just spoke truth.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's not a lot of Hollywood.

[SPEAKER_01]
that Hollywood was at the time, I'm trying to think under Bush, right?
Uh, it got really, it got really bad, but under Obama, it got worse.
It got worse under Obama.
Kevin went and did an audition once and they said, so you're, you're an evil guy.
So, um, so this is, this is, she's great.
She's really think, think, um, Chelsea Clinton, she's, she's awesome, but you're like the, the epitome of evil.
So Bush, you're Bush.
Like that was the audition scene.
There was no, they were so invested in the political that it was, it was hard to keep his mouth shut because he didn't believe it.
And, you know, he was very afraid of what, well, for afraid there's the wrong word, but he, he didn't like what Obama stood for.
When, when a man says, if, if you're getting married and the man says to you, I'm going to fundamentally change you.
Maybe don't get married.
And that's what Obama said about America.
Like maybe he shouldn't have been president if he wanted to fundamentally change America.

[SPEAKER_02]
True.

[SPEAKER_01]
But he did.
So there we are.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, yes, he did.
Question.
How do you how did you create meaningful social social interactions for your kids?
And did they do organized sports?

[SPEAKER_01]
Okay, so yes, they did some organized sports.
Braden played football until he broke his hand.
They did karate.
They love doing, the boys love doing karate.
Shane played lacrosse a little bit.
But here's the thing, we're sold another lie about socialization.
And I love that you didn't actually use that word, good for you, but that's really what you're getting at.
So let's talk about it.
My son, Braden, is an extreme extrovert.
Like I said, when he was in first grade, all the fifth graders knew his name.
He was very, very popular because he made it his business to be popular, even as a first grader at seven years old.
And so he would borrow my phone and make all of his own play dates to the point where people would arrive at my house to drop off their child and look at me and realize that they hadn't spoken to me.
And oh my goodness, is this okay?
I just realized I only spoke to your seven year old to make this play base.
So that's my oldest.
And yes, he has two, two plus million followers on TikTok because that's who he is, right?
But my other two are introverts.
They only ever wanted the one friend.
Shane, who do you want to invite to your birthday party?
Aiden.
Okay.
Who else?
Nobody.
I just want Aiden at my birthday party.
Not much of a party, right?
But, but that's who they were.
So this idea that your children will somehow make friends and not be bullied in school is absurd.
is absurd when nobody is controlling the situation.
It's an absurdity to make an assumption that children get socialized properly in school.
The only reason we think that they are properly socialized in school, because we just assume that it's proper, but they are socialized, right, is because that's the only opportunity we give them.
We think.
But it's not true, and children are better socialized, especially homeschoolers, are much better socialized than schoolchildren because homeschoolers typically have to deal with adults for a large part of their day.
And adults train children how to be social.
Adults say, do not interrupt me.
Adults say, this is how you hold the door open, darling.
Adults teach children, children don't teach children.
So yes, to sports, absolutely go do sports.
Both my kids play basketball.
There were a number of opportunities to do sports.
And in different states, they're making a great headway.
I think even President Trump has an initiative to allow children to do the sports at the schools, even if they're not enrolled, which is what it is.
So yes, do that.
But the idea that children will make friends
All bets are off.
Maybe they will, maybe they won't.
And, and by the way, you should be there to, um, to adjudicate, to monitor and, uh, honestly to pick, uh, because there are some kids that kids shouldn't be friends with.

[SPEAKER_02]
Exactly.

[SPEAKER_01]
Or, or at least maybe your child shouldn't be friends with some children and maybe should be friends with other children.
And so you can be encouraging or discouraging as, as the case may be.

[SPEAKER_02]
And in today's world, so many kids are on SSRIs, especially.
It's astounding how many kids are on, are medicated right now.

[SPEAKER_01]
So I think that like when I hear somebody say, oh, my son has ADHD or my son is ADD and he's disruptive and whatever.
Oh, so he's a boy?
Cause that's what a boy is.
Like you're describing a boy to me.
And I know that there are extreme cases and I'm not making light of the extreme cases.
Fine.
But by and large little boys should not sit at desks until maybe the age of eight.
So if you have a little boy and he doesn't learn to read until the age of eight, he's not behind.
He just hasn't learned to read yet.
Okay.
Uh, some kids don't potty train till they're three.
I remember distinctly saying about one of my children.
Well, by the time they are 16, they will be potty trained.
It's not a race.
So.
Yeah, okay.
I said enough, I think.

[SPEAKER_02]
What advice do you have for parents who want to homeschool but also have demanding work schedules?

[SPEAKER_01]
Get a life.
It's not all about work.
Okay.
It's not just about the money, honey.
In fact, it's, it's not about the money at all.
Life is about relationship.
I know you've been convinced that it's all about money, but it's not.
And when you're on your deathbed, you're not going to be saying, Oh, I wish I got that other paper out to, you know, published or whatever.
No, you're going to be saying, where are my kids?
I want to see my kids one last time before I kick the bucket.
It's about relationship.
We've been sold a bill of goods.
So, okay, there's that.
The other thing is, if you think that you really don't have half an hour a day to spend with your child, I can't help you.
I just can't.
There's nowhere to go.
You shouldn't have had kids.
I don't know.
Find somebody else to raise your children because clearly you're not there.
And then finally, if you have to bring your child to work with you every day, figure out a situation where you bring your child to work with you every day.
It's more and more common.
Employers are becoming more and more lenient.
There are other ways of finding some sort of childcare if you need for part time or whatever.
There are ways to work around putting your child in school.
I was actually shocked today to realize that so many people think that they have to
obey the school somehow, like they have to be enrolled or they have to do what the school does or, or, you know, follow whatever the school rules are.
Do you know who issued the diplomas for my children?
And they are valid diplomas, by the way, like don't even question them.

[SPEAKER_00]
But I did.
How did I do it?

[SPEAKER_01]
I went online and I downloaded a diploma and I filled my son's name in as I filled in the name of our school and, and I made out the diploma.
In fact, so, and, and you don't need a diploma to go to college and you don't need a college degree to go to, to higher level education.
Like the rules are there for the dumb people.
Don't be one of those people.
Don't be a sheep.
Be a lion in your own life.
and take charge.
And if you have a child, that's, that's your most important calling.
I can't think of a more important calling than the raising up of a, of another individual.
And you should raise that individual to be somebody that you want to be with.
I, I, I would never give up being with my kids.
I just, they, they feed me.
They, they, they provide so much to me and, and I to them still, they still, they still come to me for advice.

[SPEAKER_02]
It never ends, does it?

[SPEAKER_01]
No, it doesn't, and it never shouldn't.
It shouldn't.
And this idea that when children are 18, they should move out of the house.
That's the faulty idea.
We have to get back to tradition.
We had it right at the founding of the nation we had it right.
You know, this nation was founded by basically geniuses.
They made it up, not entirely out of whole cloth, but to a certain degree out of whole cloth.
Like, they really created something here.
None of them ever stepped foot in a school.
We didn't have schools.
They were all self-taught.
Why?
Because they were interested.
Now, maybe your child is not somebody who's that interested, okay?
So they'll do other things with their life.
But to put shackles on them by sending them to an institution that teaches them that they are failures, basically.
But the readiness that we have in our culture to admit defeat before we even know what we're talking about.
Oh, I could never home school.
Okay.
What does that mean?
I have no idea.
Why would you just admit that you can't do it if you have no idea what it is?

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
And that's where we are today because school teaches you, you can't do.
That's really the, the, one of the basic lessons in school is you can't because nobody gave you an A so you don't know how to do it.
There wasn't a book on it, so you don't know.
Nobody taught you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
How can you be an expert?

[SPEAKER_01]
And what's funny is, if you just step back and look at all the things that you do, that you taught yourself to do, and that includes going on YouTube for the for the video, right?
Like that counts.
You taught yourself.
Yeah, you went to YouTube, but you taught yourself because you're the one who sourced the YouTube video.
OK, myriad things that we do every day that nobody ever taught us to do.
You can give that to your kid in space.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, just by example, just being you.
I'll finish with this question, which is, is there any downside to educating kids at home?
Yeah, great question.

[SPEAKER_01]
It's funny because I debated destiny and he tried to sort of pin me down on that.
And I'm sure that there might be.
If you have an only child and they're an extreme extrovert, it might be a little bit tougher for you as the parent.
But your job is to work with that, your job as the parent.
And so what I like to tell people is God gave you your children to teach you.
your children are there to teach you.
And so the downside, yeah, you might have to learn some hard lessons, but, but that's, that's the beauty.
That's the joy.
And that's actually the benefit.
So, you know, downside, that's, that's a perception issue that it's a downside.
And so I don't know what your perceptions are.
I can't perceive any downsides myself.

[SPEAKER_02]
Awesome.
Fantastic.
Sam, this has been such a wonderful and enlightening conversation.

[SPEAKER_01]
I hope so.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you so much.
Remind our audience where they can find your work.

[SPEAKER_01]
Well, to make it easy, just go to Sam Sorbo.com and you can follow me on Twitter at the Sam Sorbo and Instagram is Sam underscore Sorbo.
Um, if you want any information about parents demanding justice alliance, if you are a parent who is aggrieved by your own school board, um, we had a school board member who just decided that this gentleman shouldn't be allowed set to set foot on school properties.
So when he went to pick up his kid, they picked him up for trespassing.

[SPEAKER_05]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
We can't be, we can't be having this.
We can't.
Wow.
They want control of the children because they want to have sex with the children.

[SPEAKER_05]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_01]
So, um, yeah.
So samsolde.com for all the information.

[SPEAKER_05]
So what happened to that guy?
Did he go to jail?

[SPEAKER_01]
Um, well, they, they, they didn't, they picked him up.
I think that they didn't end up arresting him, but it's harassment.
And here's the thing, the, the, the thing about this Steve and, and you're very familiar with this sort of environment is this is the chilling effect.
So other parents won't speak up.
So like I'm, I'm working on behalf of those parents that are aggrieved, but I'm also working to free all the parents who have now silenced themselves because they're too afraid.

[SPEAKER_05]
Right.

[SPEAKER_01]
We can't afford that.
We need to be there for our children.
We need to protect our children.
So.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, indeed.
Well, thank you again, Sam.
It was a fantastic and enlightening conversation.
And thank you.
Have you back again sometime soon.

[SPEAKER_01]
Appreciate you guys.
Thanks for everything that you do.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
Thank you.
Everyone else hang in there.
I've got a couple of announcements and a montage that I built that you're going to want to watch at the end of this episode.
First, I want to remind as we wrap up to sincerely thank you for being part of VSRF Live.
Our mission is to bring important stories, studies, and voices to light like tonight.
Stories that often get ignored or silenced everywhere, but none of this would be possible without your support to keep VSRF Live
Going, I'm going to put this on the screen.
To keep VSRF live going and continue delivering these vital conversations, we rely entirely on donations from viewers like you.
If you value what we do and want to see it continue, please consider making a contribution.
Every donation helps us stay independent and focused on the truth.
Visit backsafety.org, backslash donate or text VSRF to 53-555.
Another way is to join the raffle that I mentioned at the top of the show.
Our raffle is to give away the Super Palm 1050, a powerful handheld therapeutic light device from Sunpower LED.
And tickets are just $10 each for a $1,900 valued device.
And every purchase supports VSRS mission of truth and transparency.
You can buy as many as you like.
Janet will drop the link in the chat.
So grab your tickets right now.
Go to givebutter.com backslash sunpowerled.
and get your raffle ticket and good luck we will be wrapping up that raffle in a couple weeks it's still open until i believe it is the first week of september we will have this raffle going and also next week let me get this on the on oops that's the wrong card that was this week um next week we do have
Who do we have here?
Okay.
Yes.
We have Dr. Tina Pears.
She'll be joining us to dive deep into mast cell activation syndrome and the role of augmented NAC and managing symptoms, whether you or someone you love is affected or you want to understand more about these complex issues.
This conversation will offer valuable insights and hope.
So don't miss it.
That's next week, next Thursday night.
And then, of course, I just mentioned that this montage.
So there was a big announcement, Steve, where they were going to cancel funding for mRNA for 22 different mRNAs.
So that's a big, big step in the right direction.
But of course, there's a lot of people out there attacking Kennedy for doing so.
So I want to put a little montage together of the attacks on Bobby for doing what he did, including Stephen Colbert, and of course, one of our favorites, Paul Offit.
And then I followed that up with a little comment by Dr. Ryan Cole.
And then what actually, what Bobby announced he was going to do.
So we'll close with that video tonight.
And Steve, thank you for a fantastic interview with Sam.
That was awesome.
And also I know you're having your final meeting next week.
So I want to say good luck with that.
Hopefully we get the outcome that you have worked so hard to accomplish.
Thank you, everyone.
We'll see you next week, and have a great rest of your evening.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_08]
Oh, there's bad news of fans of living because Health Secretary Arvkay Jr. just pulled $500 million in funding for vaccine development.
Now, we have 10 more months of this show, and I want to give a measured non-partisan response here.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you,
Specifically...
Specifically...
Specifically, Bobby Jr. is nixing 22 projects that use mRNA technology.
But that's the latest vaccine technology.
That's like saying, kids, I'm turning off the GPS.
We're gonna make our way to Six Flags by using the stars.
And Daddy the Sextant.
Yes.
Crank down windows and daddy's car.
There you go.
All right, there you go.
Now, yesterday, yesterday, RFK Jr. tried to defend the ins defensible.

[SPEAKER_07]
Most of these shots are for flu or COVID, but as the pandemic showed us, mRNA vaccines don't perform well against viruses that infect the upper respiratory tract.

[SPEAKER_08]
Counterpoint.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you,
You're going to kill people.
Why would you say that mRNA vaccines don't perform well against upper repertory infections?
The National Institutes of Health said they prevented an estimated 14.4 million deaths.
Why on earth is RFK Junior so anxious to fill our streets with dead bodies?
These are my two ravens.
I forgot.
I forgot.
They do love the eyeballs.
Now, experts say mRNA vaccines are safe.
And the University of Minnesota professor of infectious diseases pandemic preparation said, I don't think I've seen a more dangerous decision in public health in my 50 years in the business.
And keep in mind 50 years ago, the base of the food pyramid was menthol cigarettes.

[SPEAKER_00]
Doctor Offit, your reaction to this latest move and what does it mean for vaccine development going forward?

[SPEAKER_04]
It was a sad day for science in this country.
The mRNA vaccines saved our lives.
It was estimated that in 2021, you were 12 times more likely to be hospitalized and die if you didn't get a vaccine than if you did.
In 2022, you were six times more likely to be hospitalized and die.
It's a phenomenal technology, and it was remarkably safe.
I mean, I'm on the FDA Vaccine Advisory Committee when we looked at those data in December of 2020.
We were only looking at 35,000 people who would receive that vaccine.
All of us were worried that the other shoe was going to drop, that there was going to be a much more serious side effect that we would see when millions of people, and now hundreds of millions of people were vaccinated.
And that wasn't true, although the vaccine could cause myocarditis, meaning inflammation of the heart muscle.
It was rare and it was transient and self-resolving and short-lived.
As the saying from the virus,
which could cause myocarditis, which could cause you to be hospitalized, go to the intensive care unit and die.
It is a remarkable technology, and not only for COVID, and not only for infectious diseases, but also for cancer, for gene therapy, and eliminating all of this research and development at BARDA is a tragic mistake that is not based on a science-based decision.

[SPEAKER_06]
This is a massive win for Secretary Kennedy and basically a silencing of many of the critics.
It's not a ban on mRNA like many people would like to see.
However, it is the wind down of the government investing through BARDA in these technologies and their Global Health Investment Corporation partner is advised to stop all equity investments in modified RNA technologies.
So, follow the money.
When the money isn't there, these are going to fizzle.
So, I think, like you said, this is a bombshell.
The repercussions are going to be felt worldwide.

[SPEAKER_07]
Hi, it's Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. here, your HHS secretary.
At HHS, we have a division called the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, or BARDA.
BARDA drives some of our most advanced scientific research.
It funds developments of vaccines, drugs, diagnostics, and other tools to fight emerging diseases and national health threats.
Over the past few weeks, BARDA reviewed 22 mRNA vaccine development investments.
and began canceling them.
Let me explain why.
Most of these shots are for flu or COVID, but as the pandemic showed us, mRNA vaccines don't perform well against viruses that infect the upper respiratory tract.
Here's the problem.
mRNA only codes for a small part of the viral proteins, usually a single antigen.
One mutation and the vaccine becomes ineffective.
This dynamic drives a phenomena called antigenic shift, meaning that the vaccine paradoxically encourages new mutations and can actually prolong pandemics as the virus constantly mutates to escape the protective effects of the vaccine.
Millions of people, maybe even you or someone you know, got the Omicron variant despite being vaccinated.
That's because a single mutation can make mRNA vaccines ineffective.
The same risk applies to flu.
After reviewing the science and consulting top experts at NIH and FDA, HHS has determined that mRNA technology poses more risk than benefits for these respiratory viruses.
That's why after a extensive review, BARDA has begun the process of terminating these 22 contracts, totaling just under $500 million.
To replace the troubled mRNA programs, we're prioritizing the development of safer, broader vaccine strategies.
like a whole virus vaccines and novel platforms that don't collapse when viruses mutate.
Let me be absolutely clear, HHS supports safe, effective vaccines for every American who wants them.
That's why we're moving beyond the limitations of mRNA for respiratory viruses and investing in better solutions.
Thank you.
