[SPEAKER_05]
I am woman, hear me roar In numbers too big to ignore And I know too much to go back and pretend Cause I've heard it all before And I've been down there on the floor No one's ever gonna keep me down again
Yes, I am wise, but it's wisdom on a plane.
Yes, I pay the price, but look how much I gained.
If I have to, I can do anything.
You can bend but never break me Cause it only serves to make me more determined to achieve my final goal
come back even stronger not an honest any longer cause you deepened the conviction in my soul oh yes I am wise but it's wisdom on a plane yes I paid the price but look how much I gained if I have to I can do anything
I am invincible I am woman I am woman, watch me grow See me standing toe to toe As I spread my loving arms across the land
I'm still an embryo with a long, long way to go Until I'll make my brother understand Oh, yes, I arise, but it's wisdom on a pain Yes, I've paid a price, but look how much I've gained If I have to, I can face anything
I am strong.
I am invincible.

[SPEAKER_16]
Tonight on VSRF Live, an enlightening and essential discussion on women's health in a post-COVID world featuring the esteemed Dr. Christiane Northrup.

[SPEAKER_13]
The menstrual cycle in particular is this cycle of creativity.
like at ovulation.
If you don't get pregnant, if you don't conceive, then you're preparing to give birth to something from deep within you.
And our culture doesn't particularly like that.
We like it when the woman is on estrogen and she wants to fold the towels and make the flower arrangements and do everything for everyone else.
But the second half of the cycle is all about giving birth to herself.
And then
And she gets like 360 opportunities to do this with the menstrual cycle.
And then perimenopause is like the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle on steroids, because it's grow or die.
And that's why women suffer at perimenopause, because they've been doing things that are a sin against their soul.
And the body goes, time's up.

[SPEAKER_16]
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to another episode of VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez, and we have an incredible show lined up for you tonight.
We are honored to be joined by the one and only Dr. Christiane Northrup, renowned OBGYN, visionary in women's health, and a leading advocate for medical freedom.
Dr. Northrup has spent decades challenging the conventional medical system and empowering women with the knowledge to take control of their health.
Tonight, we're going to dive into some of the most pressing issues in women's health today, from navigating the medical system to understanding the truth about common procedures and treatments.
And we have a fantastic team leading this conversation, BSRF director of research, Lisa Leahy, will be guiding this discussion.
Later in the show, Steve Kirsch will step in to ask some key questions and provide his perspective as well.
So get ready for an eye-opening discussion.
And as always, we want to hear from you, drop your questions in the chat, and we'll do our best to get them answered live.
But before we begin, we're thrilled to announce an exciting new raffle starting tonight.
And I want to call this up and share this on my screen.
So bear with me for one little second here while I call this up.
And here it comes.
We are thrilled that starting tonight, you have a chance to win a full year supply of Dr. Stella's CoviVites supplement packed with Criceratin, Zinc, Vitamin C, and D3, plus a copy of her powerful book, Let America Live.
This is an incredible opportunity to support your health and help VSRF continue our critical work.
Stay tuned later for details on how to enter, although you can see that givebutter.com at the bottom, backslash Dr. Stella, but we'll get into that a bit later on in the show.
Now, I want to bring on our guest, first guest tonight is Lisa Leahy.
Hello, Lisa Leahy.
Welcome back to BSR Five.
Great to see you.
You look beautiful as always.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
It's so good to be here with you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Great to have you.
And I'm going to read a little bit about you before we get going for those that have not seen you on our show before.
Lisa Leahy is the director of research for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, a role she has held since the organization's inception.
She leads efforts to analyze emerging data on COVID-19 vaccines, address critical policy issues, and identify key research priorities in collaboration with top experts.
Under VSRS sponsorship,
Lisa also organized the first and second COVID litigation conferences, bringing together legal and medical professionals to confront the challenges surrounding pandemic policies.
Based in the San Francisco Bay Area, she draws from her extensive background as a corporate finance attorney in Silicon Valley, where she specialized in mergers and acquisitions for industry leaders.
Lisa earned her BA summa cum laude from UCLA and her JD from UC Berkeley, where she served as an editor of the California Law Review.
Beyond her professional work, she is a devoted mother to four grown children, one of whom is vaccine injured, which deepens her personal commitment to advocating for medical freedom and transparency.
Her passion for health and fitness further fuels her dedication to investigating the long-term effects of COVID-19 treatments and vaccine-related conditions.
Again, welcome back to VSRF Live, Lisa.

[SPEAKER_02]
Why an intro?
Thank you, Livio.
It's great being here.

[SPEAKER_16]
Impressive background you have and career you've had, and then you've been fighting this.
You've been at VSRF pretty much from the inception, from the get-go.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I saw Steve in 60 minutes before VSRF was a thing.
And I learned serendipitously that he lived in the same town as I did.
And I found an introduction and we got to work.
So, yeah, it's pretty cool.

[SPEAKER_16]
And all this time later, we're still at it.
Oh, my God.

[SPEAKER_02]
Everyone thought like two weeks, he said two weeks, six weeks, because the data was so clear.
Yeah.
But the powerful forces running up against our were underestimated.

[SPEAKER_16]
And they continue to lie to people and, uh, and here we are continuing to do the work.
So you, you actually have been studying and following Dr. Christiane Northrop's work for what?
A couple of decades now.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, actually I figured it's 30 years.
I read Women's Body, Women's Wisdom.
It came out first edition in 1994.
I read it in 1995.
And you don't read it in a sitting.
It's a reference book.
I mean, Oprah called it the Bible of women's health.
It's a book you go back to over and over and over again.
And I think it's currently in its fifth edition.
So Dr. Northrup does a great job in keeping everything really current.
So I highly recommend this book.
Every woman should have it on her, the back of her bed, on the shelf.

[SPEAKER_16]
Keep it next to your nightstand.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I read other books, too, as, you know, the wisdom of menopause, mother-daughter wisdom after I had my daughter.
So, yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Excellent.
Well, you're the perfect person to lead this conversation.
And let's go ahead and bring on Dr. Christiane Northrop.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I'm better now that you've read Lisa's bio, because I...
But she knows that I did a few things before I became a global criminal.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Well, funny.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, I want to, I want to read your full bio just to go toe to toe with Lisa Leahy.
And like I mentioned backstage, you and I had a chance to meet back in Boston at the back to basics conference and
Your presentation was one of my favorites.
It was actually fun and entertaining to watch.
And then, yeah, we got to talk a little bit after.
So let me go ahead and read your bio.
Dr. Christiane Northrop, a visionary pioneer in women's health, board certified OBGYN and New York Times bestselling author.
With over 30 years of clinical experience, she has dedicated her career to empowering women with knowledge about their bodies, holistic wellness, and medical freedom.
She has written numerous influential books, including women's bodies, women's wisdom, the wisdom of menopause, and goddesses never age.
and has been featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show, The Today Show, Good Morning America, and many others.
Dr. Northrop has been recognized as one of the 100 most trusted people in America by Reader's Digest and was named to Oprah Winfrey's Super Soul 100 for her work in Awakening Humanity.
She has also been honored on the Watkins Spiritual 100 list
and received the Zelenko Foundation's Rosa Parks Award for standing up for truth and medical freedom.
Through her books, media appearances, and her True North podcast on Substack, she continues to be a leading voice in women's health and personal empowerment.
Again, welcome to VSRF Live, and I'm going to go ahead and
leave you to add it for this conversation to start.
And go ahead and take it away, Lisa.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so I'm so excited.
Yeah, go ahead, Steve.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, before you start, congratulations on finally making it to the pinnacle of your career.
I know you've been waiting for all these years.
You've accumulated all these awards, and it has finally led you to being on the VSRF show.
So.
You have made it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, the honors truly ours.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
And we'll be back.
Steve and I will be back later on in the conversation.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So I thought we'd start by, you know, there might be people in the audience who don't know about your work and don't know
what you've added to the great body of knowledge about women's health.
And what I found most impressive when I first encountered the first book I read of yours, Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom, was the way that you were able to combine this traditional Western conventional medical approach and then add in all this amazing, wonderful other stuff to make us heal and be whole.
So, so take us back.
Like, how did you, did you start doing that from the beginning or was there a pivotal moment in your career where you realized conventional medicine wasn't working?

[SPEAKER_13]
I did it from the beginning.
I was radicalized in childhood.
I had two family members who signed out of the hospital against medical advice.
Otherwise they would have died.
And my sister and brother were medical doctors.
And so they didn't help anything.
He was a holistic dentist with the Western Price's incredible book on his bedside table.
So as a kid, I'm reading through and I can see how people's facial features and dentition
go get a rye in one generation with a Western refined food diet.
And that's the Western refined food diet of 40 years ago.
I mean, that's what we're all about at this time in history, turning that around.
But my dad signed out of the Coronary Intensive Care Unit of Buffalo General when I was going around the country interviewing in med schools he left.
Day three calls my mother, get me out of here.
They don't know what's going on.
The IV had infiltrated.
He walks out with the chest leads hanging off him.
The nurses are angry.
So by the time I get to medical school, which to me was just a better degree than a PhD.
I didn't intend to brag, you know, any of that.
And when I get to medical school, whenever we'd have a patient who wanted to sign out against medical advice,
they would call me I loved it you know it's like put me in coach because I would just go talk to them and I know that all they needed was someone to explain what was going on right and talk to them but now it's worse than it's ever been oh yeah when I both know what happened oh yeah yeah
You know, anyway, it's amazing.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's amazing.
And I do.
We're totally going to go there.
I wanted to ask you, I mean, one of the themes in your book, of course, is that you trust women's intuition and wisdom about ourselves and our bodies and our children.
And we're told instead in Western medicine, trust your doctor.
And here you're saying, trust yourself, which was so amazing.
And I get chills even now when I think back to reading that for the first time.
That has been your consistent message is I trust you.
But how do you think women can sort of bring their own wisdom and knowing into conventional medical settings now and advocate without, you know, without doctors sort of doing the opposite day thing, which is what I've experienced.
When you tell a doctor that you think, you know, hey, this happened and this is what I'm experiencing.
then opposite day starts happening.
Now, they're going to test you for everything, but the thing that you just said you think it is, is you don't know.

[SPEAKER_13]
I will tell you, okay, I've boiled women's health in this day and age to just about a paragraph, a sentence.
Ready?
It's this.
We're doing all these screening tests.
We haven't found it yet, but keep coming back because we will.
That's women's health.
It's screening.
It's mammograms.
It's pap smears.
It's sonograms.
It does not take
the tissue of your body, understanding that everything is biosymbolic, understanding the contribution of epigenetics, which is the environment that determines how the cell responds with its protein synthesis.
All of that is completely discounted.
And I mean, that my whole career,
came from listening to women.
What is going on in your life?
They'd sit on the couch in my office and begin to cry because they just needed, here's the thing, they just needed an authority figure to reflect back to them their own wisdom.
And so the biggest compliment I've ever gotten from all my books is, I always knew this was true.
I just never heard a doctor articulate it.
Because we know that's that inner knowing, you see.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, no, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_13]
I had to invent a language of women's health.
Women's bodies, women's wisdom was a complete paradigm shift because we didn't have a language of women's health.
We had a language of women's disease.
So what's the wisdom of the ovaries?
What's the wisdom of the uterus?
What's the wisdom of the breast?
What's the wisdom of the brain?
What's the wisdom of the menstrual cycle?
What's the wisdom of menopause?
The female body is not a lemon.
It is, you know, it absolutely, it here, it boils down to this.
conception, gestation, labor, birth, postpartum, all those processes of the female body are physical metaphors for the way the divine comes in to physical form.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I love it.
It's so contrary to the conventional approach.
You know, when you were talking about how for women, you know, you summed up women's medicine as come in and take a bunch of diagnostic tests.
They never find anything.
I mean, I shouldn't say never, but routinely they don't, you know, you're having some unidentified
ailment and they test and they don't know what it is.
So they just tell you to come back until we find something.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's the newest.
Make sure you absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Think of the parallels between that and what vaccine injured people are going through.
When you were saying that all the way down to the psych meds, I'm thinking this is the element of the vaccine injured community that we work so closely with.
I mean, they're not, they're no answers.
And when doctors seem to be unable to identify the root cause or what's causing, you know, all these physiologic symptoms, then it must be your head, right?
And, and therefore we'll give you some mood altering drugs, some anti anxiety, some whatever you have functional functional neurologic disorder.
You can't walk you're in a wheelchair, but it's functional neurologic disorder.

[SPEAKER_12]
Right.

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, it's like, it's really difficult.
But in that regard, I want to ask you because you also talk about the importance of the mind and the mind body connection and our beliefs create energy, which
expresses it manifests in behaviors, which create the reality that we believed in the first place.
So of course, we want to have beliefs that manifest the reality that we want.
But I think about that and how, you know, in a way, what would you say to women or vaccine injured women, anyone?
Okay.
Is it right?
Physiologic ailment?
Is it right?

[SPEAKER_13]
Because here's what happens.
You're suffering.
And then if you do like the new age stuff, we create our own reality.
So just change your thoughts, except that you're vaccine injured.
So you can't change your thoughts.
Then what happens?
Instead of giving you the pathway from victim to empowered,
We stop the process so that you have to scream louder and louder.
So here's what we all need to learn as women as humanity right now.
We need to learn absolutely this is real.
Um, we have been bamboozled.
I mean, I can go back to the flexible of 1910 and show you the way that Rockefeller medicine completely got rid of the homeopathic medical schools, the herbal medical schools.
They banged the drum of quackery.
Um, it became standard medicine, the FDA, all of that stuff.
Then when people started to get cancer from all of those petroleum based drugs,
the same people found at the American Cancer Society, all of them.
Yeah, all of the things that you've been told to give money to, run for the cure, the Susan Coleman breast cancer, this does nothing.
If I get no other thing across, do not, anyone who listens to you, don't get one more sent to a conventional medical run for the cure.
They're never gonna cure anything.
They're not interested in a cure.
You need to change the paradigm to understand
your power.
But your power is not just in the mind.
Your power is connecting with the energy that made your body in the first place.
And that energy is, we were made in the image of God.
And I'm not talking religion.
If you want to look at something that has
damaged more people.
Well, I'll give you the religion.
The current religion, I was just coming through our JFK airport today, and the current religion was this, built in antimicrobial bin protection.
Okay, so that's coming from the antimicrobial bins for your luggage.
See, the religion is
A germ is going to get you.
And so we all need to be afraid of germs.
And if you go back to Antoine Beauchamp and Louis Pasteur, Pasteur just was a better marketer.
Beauchamp said it's the environment.
Pasteur goes, oh no, it's the germ.
So think about it.
Oh man, a war against the germ.
That's like way more fun than let's just live in harmony.
And so way better.
So we have to change.
Let's just think about it.
If I say to someone, you are made in the image of God, there are thousands of cases of spontaneous remission from every known disease, every, every known one.
And if you align with that,
You can heal anything.
I mean, I know people have had your death experiences like Anita Morjani and she wrote a book called Dying to Be Me and when she died, she had lemon sized tumors all over her body and then she comes back to life and they tell her she's going to need skin grafts and all the rest of it.
Never did.
everything just we have powers of healing that are miraculous which is why Jesus said these things and more you shall do also it was he lying i don't think so i love it you know that yeah

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, no, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Now that that calls perfectly with with a quote that I wanted to ask you about, you said, healing and optimal functioning involve releasing the power of the wound to control your life.
This requires forgiveness and letting go of the past.
So so much wisdom in that I did want to tie it again to sort of vaccine injury in this context because.
and ask you this question, what advice do you have for people who are suffering currently with an injury that has sort of passed, but their struggles are very much presented to them every day, both physical, financial.
How do you hold on to that forgiveness and not be angry?
Because how do you heal if you're mad about what happened to you?

[SPEAKER_13]
Here's all the power.
is in the present moment, and all of the wounding is in what's called the biofield.
So the biophotonic light around the body, which is depicted in medieval paintings as the aura.
But we now know that that biofield is the fourth and fifth states of matter.
So it's plasma and ether.
And this is the work of Eileen McCusick, who's done a lot of work on biofield tuning.
And I met her at Rashid Batar's big conference that he had back during the COVID days when you couldn't even get a hotel to allow people like me to come in.
And Eileen laid out the anatomy
of the biofield.
And what I loved about it is that it takes the work that I did in women's bodies, women's wisdom, and the wisdom of menopause about the chakra system and updates it into what is the organ in which there is the dysfunction and what is that symbolic of.
And if we are, in fact, biophotonic light, which we are, then that's Gary Schwartz's work at the University of Tucson.
You can move that biophotonic light, but all healing is voltage.
So the people need to understand is we are electrical beings.
So you want to get into places where you increase your voltage.
How do you do that?
Standing on the beach with bare feet, standing on the earth with bare feet.
Leaning up against a tree or grabbing a tree branch.
What it'll do is it'll bring the electrons up through your body.
Getting away from E M F electromagnetic frequency notice during COVID.
What happened?
We're all locked down, but somehow 5G towers are going up like mushrooms.
I mean, did anyone else notice that plus suddenly overnight?
There's circles and arrows in every grocery.

[SPEAKER_02]
Separating people.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Yeah.
But the fact that they all happened at the same time.
I'm sorry.
We know DARPA.
I mean, that was military.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_07]
That was a plan.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
That was a plan.
So that's the thing about humans.
We are so resilient and our emotions are the key.
They're the absolute key.
So you can only heal in the present.
And what keeps us from moving forward is the past.
Right now, every single one of us listening has a past
that we need to grieve and let go of.
Because the thing that's keeping us from the future is trying to drag the past in.
The world you and I knew is gone.
It's gone.
I look at all this work I did for 40 years.
It's there, but it's kind of gone.
Because we have to move into a new time.
So you do it.
in the present.
And let me tell you the keys.
It's so simple, but it's the last place anyone wants to go.
And that is movement, sound, and tears.
In other words, losing it, giving yourself permission to wail and make those sounds like at the wailing wall, those ancient... Do you remember Art Janov's work, the Primal Scream?

[SPEAKER_02]
He did all that work.

[SPEAKER_13]
Way, way back, yeah.
But you don't stay there.
It comes up in the sound because we're vibrational creatures.
The sound is a grappling hook that goes through your body
And upgrades.
And so the incoherent places in the biofield, which can be measured because it's, it's just not organized.
It's incoherent.
Like a dissonant.
Acophany.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
The weeping.
or the crying or the pounding of something.
You know, I've often said, you know, get a sledgehammer and bang up a junk car.
It gets the energy of the past out of your body.
You don't stay there.
I did a lot of shape.
You don't stay there because that just makes someone no one wants to live with.
But you generally need a witness.
You need somebody
who is going to stay with you while you're doing this.
And the other thing we do, you're a mom, so you know this.
If your kid is suffering, you want to hug them, you want to make it better, you want to hand them a tissue.
No.
What you do, you witness them going through this process.
And with you standing by witnessing, you're giving them the permission to go
all the way down and not only permission, you're letting them know it's safe because when you hear people say, if I allow myself to grief,
I will never come out of it.
It will be a bottomless pit that I will never ever get out of.
And then what you find when you allow yourself to go all the way in and all the way out, you often come out laughing, which is why good comedians
are always saying something that's universally true.
And that's what makes it so funny.
The great theatrical thing, tragedy and comedy.
Two sides.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's the well of emotion that comes from that same place.
If you can't cry, you can't laugh.
If you don't have access to crying, you probably don't have access to the joy of laughter just because you're shut down.
They're from the same place.
You can't choose, right?
I was thinking when you're talking about children and staying with them and just letting them
Emote and get physical and show them that you and that can be ugly and it could be annoying for parents But it says I love you even when you're ugly even when you're being icky But look what parents do they do timeouts No timeout you're having a tantrum timeout.
I'm gonna banish you to your room
And I'm going to make you stay alone and you're going to be with all those feelings because you're bad.
And until you can be a proper human in this house, you can't come back into the fold.
But there's a type of parenting called little hands.
No, I'm sorry, hand in hand parenting.
And it's the same philosophy that you're talking about for adults.
But you do need a safe person because it is very frightening to open.

[SPEAKER_13]
Very.
My daughter's, luckily, watched this.
I would go do workshops with women and the women would get down on the mat and lose it and all the rest of it.
And I had people come up to me in those workshops way back and say, how can you let your daughters
witness this.
They're like, no, no, it's just like labor and birth.
It's like labor and birth.
This is what the body knows how to do.
So they were never afraid of these deep processes, you see, and to heal this.
And then, of course, there's all the stuff.
I mean, okay, you and I both know they're spraying us like bugs.
There's glibers in the green.
The water's got fluoride.
Okay, one of the things that I think we've all, I have certainly awakened to what's really going on on this planet, that I had no idea.
And it was only when I went to the first Clay Clark Reawaken America tour.
I mean, here I am, you know, and he's come out to Tulsa, Oklahoma, stay in broken arrow.
It's like, okay, your job is to tell us what's in the COVID shot.
And I go into Ramah Bible College,
And someone gives me this thing by the guy who started Ramah Bible College, The Believer's Authority by Kenneth Hagen.
And I read, it's a lot of the book of Ephesians.
And it says, we battle not against flesh and blood, but against powers and principalities of darkness that are not of this world.
It is not our job to fight them.
It is our job to expose them.
And something clicked with me.
And then I had all these Christians, real Christians, come up and say,
Can I pray for you?
And the prayer was living.
It wasn't, oh, let's go to the Book of Common Prayer of the Episcopal Church when I was a kid.
You know, I'm going to recite something.
No, no, no.
Real living prayer.
And I began to realize, oh,
Oh, there's something more here.
This is the Holy Spirit.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
So I wanted to ask you about this.
So you realized during the last five years, somewhere in there, something really big is happening.
I mean, like, sort of like many of us, like, oh, we're actually like in a major conflict between good and evil.

[SPEAKER_13]
And the matrix is a documentary.
It's like, then you begin, you know, mockingbird meetings.
the fall of the cabal, I saw all that stuff in the spring of 2020.
I somehow managed to see those documentaries.
And I met Mike Smith, who did Out of Shadows official, the stuntman from Hollywood.

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.

[SPEAKER_13]
And somehow God showed me what was really going on.
Plus, I had a couple of dreams about Donald Trump that would be up from a sound sleep
And I said, he's not who they're saying he is.
I got that in a big way because you know a lot of times our inner guidance, God comes to us in dreams where your frontal lobe inhibitory circuits are shut down.
So it comes directly and when you wake up and you can't shake the dream,
That's a real message.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's really amazing.
So another thing I want to say about this is it's really hard.
It's a hard time.
Like I have been struggling and others in relationships that were important to me.
We are so divided.
We are so angry over our differences.
It's very dark.
And it feels like we're on the brink of civil war.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, that was not on purpose.

[SPEAKER_02]
I mean, as you know, I believe that too.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's MK Ultra.
That's how they've always done it.
Divide and conquer.
So, you know, the same forces, they funded both sides of the Civil War, both sides of World War, both sides of World War II.
It's how they've always worked.
Get us to fight with each other.
Now, what I really believe is going to happen here
Probably any minute is we're all going to find out what's really been going on and it's all about the children and it's all about pedophilia and it's all about that other stuff they get out of the blood.
And when you get that child trafficking.
It dwarfs fentanyl.
It dwarfs big pharma.
It makes more money than anything else.
I just saw a thing about how Watergate was about that.
It's been going on forever and but that's going to unite people when we really because what do we see it if the other side can see the problem is there seems to be like a firewall.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's an information war.
There's a firewall.
Yeah, there is so effective.
We're living in alternate realities.
And it's like, you know, I'm talking to my mom and sister and I'm saying, no, it's like this and this and this and they're going, oh, no, he's going to line up everybody who disagrees with him, Trump and kill them.
And it's like, oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's like women's reproductive rights.
It's the, uh, handmaid's tale and what I say to one young woman, she's a young influencer, you know, and they're going to march for women's reproductive rights.
And, uh, you know, my goodness, I have been on the front lines of that forever.
And what I want to do to her is, Oh, you're not going to have to worry about abortion.
Nobody's going to get pregnant, get it?
And also when we've made, and I want to put this out here, it's so clear to me, but was never clear to me before, which is abortion, the way it's done now, is the inversion of the Ukraine.
It's the inversion of taking communion.
So Christ said,
I will die so that you can live.
Abortion says, I'm going to kill you so that I can live.
It's an inversion, which is why the Church of Satan now has an abortion ceremony, an abortion ritual, where you can get the Mephapristone pill and have your ceremony of killing your baby.

[SPEAKER_02]
making abortion a sacrament in a sense.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's it, making it a sacrament.
Yeah, yeah.
When you do that, think about it.
It's interesting how we started out with Helen Reddy, right?
Singing and then I brought up with that.

[SPEAKER_02]
I went, I saw her live with my mom who cried to the whole concert.

[SPEAKER_13]
Right, because we... Back in the 70s.
We needed the women's movement then.
My mother couldn't take out a loan without my brother's signature after my dad died.
We needed that, but then it got infiltrated so that women were actually brainwashed into thinking.
that it's better to have a job and a career that leaves you home alone at the end of the day with a cat and oh dear I forgot to have children like somehow this is a pinnacle of success where you have a trophy room full of whatever for your job.
but you're alone at night because you've never done the womanly things with children and pets and grandchildren and it is so all that creation all that creation that is unique to woman's ability you know to her body and to what she's

[SPEAKER_02]
God given meant to do.
I love it.
I want to ask you to go ahead.
So I don't want to take us too far off, but this is again, this is all really heavy.
And you said, I read once you said hope is a biomedical state in the body that promotes healing.
And so part of the message I want you to help us have is how do we cultivate hope in all of this so that we aren't
Living in darkness and depressed by it and worried and all the things that make us sick.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_13]
So what you have to do there.
Okay.
So that's, that's black pilling where a lot of people take the black pill.
I mean, one of the most famous ones right now is David Ike.
Well, you know, the whole world was run by the lizards and all of that stuff.
And I know that.
Right, right.
It's true and all that.
However, let's be clear.
This is the most exciting time to be alive on planet Earth.
This has been told forever.
It's the end of the Kali Yuga.
It's the great awakening.
It's the beginning of the Golden Age.
And it's really an exciting time.
All of what has come up
You and I realize, oh my goodness, that's been there forever.
It's just that it's now out there.
Think about the dark forces.
They invent the internet and they never figure out, oh my goodness.
Humans are going to use this and they're going to be so fast.
Think about what happened with acts you could tell the truth.
Finally, now Facebook can tell the truth.
And then I've had enough, but you have to all our little groups where we little text messaging groups and told everybody about what's going on and what's happened as we've created.
I call it God's internet where all the great stuff.
You can get it out to your friends so quickly and the mockingbird media and all of that stuff, the spell casting, the broadcasting, you're into it now.
Now, okay, 20% are never done.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Well, the other except for me is I live in, you know, the heart of the San Francisco Bay Area.
And I've lost a lot of important people to me over all this stuff.
And I have a mom who's elderly and sits home watching CNN all day.
And she, you know, we were fine.
But, you know, she's like, oh, Lisa, I'm so worried about what's going to happen.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's not the same.
It's not the same.
Again, that's what we talked about.
That's the grief where they're not coming.
They're not coming and we can't stay in the illusion that they will.
So we have to love them at a distance.
I mean, when this started within my profession, and I'll never forget it, a young woman would have a baby and then she would say to her parents, you can't come and see the baby unless you have all these vaccinations.
This was insanity, insanity.
So that was the beginning of, or you can't come to Christmas dinner unless you can show us, you know, who does this?
Like these bonds of affection that keep us alive.
We are going to dismiss someone based on a myth and a lie.
I'll tell you what I think is going to be the problem for people.
And that is, this is cognitive dissonance, as you know, things that you just can't admit.
Because if people start to admit what they've done to their own children, they're going to jump off a bridge.
And that's where we're going.
So they really can't.

[SPEAKER_08]
Well, they won't.

[SPEAKER_13]
So what happens is this, we're at a great divide.
The Red Sea is parting and some are coming with us into the best life you can ever imagine.
And the others will just recycle because we're immortal and they'll just come back and, you know, everyone makes it sooner or later.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
Wow.
That's incredible.
I want to ask you about fertility and what's going on with fertility and I know that you recently were a co-author on a study with Dr. James Thorpe and a bunch of other amazing doctors and scientists about menstruation and how women are impacted by
COVID vaccinated, if you want to COVID shot people, even, even if the women themselves have not been given the injection.
So tell us about that study and then how that dovetails into what's happening with women's reproductive health more generally and fertility and all these things.

[SPEAKER_13]
Okay, we began to notice, as soon as the shot was rolled out in the spring of 2021, that there were these big Facebook groups, 100,000 women, talking about how they were bleeding abnormally.
from being around someone who had the shot.
And then, of course, Facebook was taking down all those communities.
So Tiffany Perotto and me and some others, he said, what are we going to do?
I'm sitting next to...
a guy named Warren Geek out in Tulsa at the Ramah Bible College.
And he's got three daughters.
And I say, Warren, at that time, you can't imagine.
We're trying to get vials of the vaccines.
We can't get vials.
We want to look at what's going on.
And all the avenues were shut down to us.
But anyway, we managed to get a cohort of 6,000 women.
And all this research is at mypsychdory.com.
And they filled out.

[SPEAKER_02]
We'll make sure we put that in the in the chat.

[SPEAKER_13]
It's mycyclestory.com.
So we have two studies that we did.
One, in the beginning, when the COVID shot was rolled out, we were finding that women were having what's called decidual cast shedding.
The entire inside of the uterus looking like a plaster of Paris cast would come out in one fell swoop.
Very painful.
After days of cramping, there were 40 cases in the world literature in our cohort of 6,000 women.
There were 240 cases.
So we're getting pictures of this happening.
Normally it only happens under extreme stress and it's very rare.
I'd never seen it in my career.
Then we did with this cohort.
We had women who didn't get the shot.
They didn't weren't sick.
They had negative PCR tests.
Not that the PCR test is anything, but still.
And what we found with this group and it took us 4 years to get this published because no one wanted to touch it.
We found that within 3 days.
of this woman being around a recently vaccinated person, she was having abnormal bleeding.
70% of our 6,000 women were having abnormal bleeding within three days.
Now this is intimate contact, like it would be a family member, a husband, a wife, that kind of thing.
Yeah, finally, finally got that published in a peer reviewed study.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, are you addressing cause at all or mechanisms?
I mean, is it like the shedding thing or, you know, it's coming out of the exosomes in the brush or the saliva?

[SPEAKER_13]
It's something.
What is it?
You see, but this is not new.

[SPEAKER_02]
This is not metaphysical is what I'm saying.
This is, this is.

[SPEAKER_13]
There's something there because in the original Pfizer studies clinical trials, there it says.
If you're a man, do not have sex for six months.
And if you're a pregnant woman, don't even be touched by someone who's had the shot.
That was a reportable incident.

[SPEAKER_02]
I read that myself when those Pfizer drugs came out and Naomi Wolf's work in her team.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
It's right there.
What did they know?
When did they know it?
They knew it from the beginning.
And so not only is it good against evil folks, it is.
A genocide of humanity.

[SPEAKER_02]
So it's a depopulation event.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, well, look at the Georgia guide stones.
They put, put it right on there.
You know, we want, um, however many people left and the rest of us are going to be going to Davos in our private planes because these are not.
Like the rest of us, this is the part that people have so much trouble with because they can't imagine what kind of person would allow this to happen because they couldn't in because they have a conscience.
They have a soul.
People doing this have no soul.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
No, it's pure evil.
It is.
No, that makes sense.
So I know Steve's going to want to have his term with you, but I want to ask you.
So this is all, you know, incredible stuff.
And it's.
it's heavy but it's I love that you have a hopeful message like you're not you're like no this is going to be great despite AI and everything we're headed to this amazing I'll tell you why we will have the AI people they'll do that yeah the rest of us are going to be over here becoming a new species we're going to become a homo luminous

[SPEAKER_13]
We are a light-based species.
We already know that.
We're going to get brighter and brighter and brighter.
I'm doing work with an energetic osteopath, and she knows how to move biophotonic light in the body using the electromagnetic field of the heart and the hands.
This is what he's taught.
I've watched her work with a person where she got all of the nanobots and whatever right out of his thumb, gone.
Wow, I'm not these things.
Let's think about this They are not biologic.
They are not anything that God wanted in your body therefore
These things and more you shall do also remember Jesus raised Lazarus.
He was dead four days.
He didn't say, oh, let me go and get my Pfizer Moderna shot.
That's what Lazarus is going to need.
No, he was dead four days.
We have that power.
And that is the most exciting thing because I, I know all about the healers who've been killed.
I mean, Joe wrote whose hands are these?
He's a young man with healing power in his hands.
The family thinks that's demonic, so they send him to a psych hospital where he gets electro shock therapy once a week.
Then we have Bruno Groening, the incredible German healer.
who came to light right after World War II, he would just heal people talking to them.
This big gland on his neck would expand and they would all get up out of their wheelchairs.
Modern medicine makes sure that they kill those people.
Well, there's going to be too many of us.
That's what's going to happen.
I believe that everyone who's here,
Right now, you know, Dolores Cannon calls them the volunteers, the wave of volunteers and you and I were the foremothers of the new humanity.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
Let me ask.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
No, finish that thought.
I want to hear it.

[SPEAKER_13]
The thought is this.
People are going to have a lot of kids.
They are going to have a lot of kids and the souls coming in now.
I mean, I'm looking at Instagram.
It's fun to see the little kids where this little girl goes.
I don't want a hoodie.
I'm a girl.
I want to dress.
We've just convinced an entire generation.
I mean, Berkeley, you're right out there in California, Berkeley, the OBGYN literature.
We have birthing parent or inseminated.
We don't have the word mother.
You don't have breastfeeding anymore.
It's chestfeeding.
Okay.
All I can say is I'm going to have to leave those people to Jesus because I don't know what to do with that.

[SPEAKER_02]
And I agree, but at least there's a growing movement.

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, huge.

[SPEAKER_02]
Pushing back and people, I think, reasonable people from all political.
80%.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Their little girl should go to the bathroom without talking.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I mean, that's just pretty easy, right?
Um, I had one final question before we bring on Steven and that is kind of going back to like the stuff you can touch.
Do you think conventional medical doctors will ever again have a primary role in women's healing?
How do we begin?
No?
No, we're done.

[SPEAKER_13]
At this point, when young people say, I want to go to medical school, I go, don't.
Here's what's going to happen.
And it's always this way.
The new stuff rises like the phoenix from the ashes.
Right now I'm working with a bunch of doctors.
We're going to start a new medical school.
Learn the energy of the body.
We need to have all of the stuff that's been hidden and trashed.
All of the stuff of Harvey Begelsen, the holographic blood, the dark field microscopy, there's all these healing modalities that have been banished and they've killed the people who have done it.
This is the history of medicine under Rockefeller medicine.
That needs to go away.
Now, and most people are not going to need a doctor, except like Dr. Lee Merritt, my colleague, orthopedic spine surgeon for the Navy.
She goes, well, if you break your femur, you're going to need me.
That is true.
We are going to need trauma surgeons and orthopedic surgeons and people to do appendectomies and people bleeding.
That's it.
The rest of them, I swear to you, and I knew this in medical school.
I remember doing my family practice.
in Plainfield, Vermont, and I'll never forget it.
I said, my mother could handle 95% of what's come into this office.
Like, why are these people here?
You know, you've got a cold.
Come on.
High dose vitamin C.
chicken soup, rest, but what they needed, they just needed another human being.
They needed something with skin on it to say, you're gonna be okay.
You're gonna be okay.
And we're gonna teach that now to little kids.
You know, when they cut themselves, it heals.
I've always known.
Well, baby care is nothing more than the chance to indoctrinate the child into the.
Pharmacol industrial thing.
I mean, 7 shots at once at the same thing, the rate at which we are killing kids with vaccines.
And then I came out on 2006 on Oprah.
when Gardasil was new, and I had a chance to have the microphone.
What do you think of Gardasil?
I said, not a good idea.

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.
Love it.
Wow.
Such a hopeful message.
I mean, I'm getting a new perspective.
Like you have a whole different angle than what I was.
So it's, and if hope is, you know, a biomedical state of healing, then

[SPEAKER_13]
And here's the thing.
If we believe it, we'll see it.
It's not the other way around.
I want to give you an example of that.
So I have a friend who has family in Israel, Doris.
Doris loves this bush that grows outside of her sister's home.
But she was there in November.
So the bush is not even close to blooming.
But every day Doris goes over to the bush and loves on it and says, I love the way your flowers are.
You're incredible.
Isn't this beautiful?
The day she was supposed to leave Israel, that bush was in full bloom.

[SPEAKER_02]
I believe that.
Yeah.
I mean, the plants respond.
The plants are lots of whole other subjects like that.
There's this living spirit in the plants and the trees.

[SPEAKER_13]
And in water, you know, that's Ada Austin's work.
Yes.
It's amazing and Masuro Emoto and we have that effect.
on everything made in the image of God.
That's why these demons want us dead.
They can't do it.
What is the disclosure?
To me, disclosure isn't about the UFOs and all that.
And they've been around forever.
There's all these off-worlds.
Who cares?
Disclosure is who you are, who you really are.
Because if you knew, we would be unstoppable.

[SPEAKER_02]
Mm hmm.
I love it.
Yeah.
I love it.
Um, so it's so ironic and funny that, you know, you were called in 2021, one of the disinformation doesn't write after being celebrated all those years and being an Oprah and the view and the today's show and nightly news with Tom Broca and all the things.
And then, and then you said, um, COVID vaccines coming out, not a good idea.
And now suddenly you'd gone nuts and
you know, your whole life's work.
Um, and I know Steve relates to that too.
And he's very proud now that he is one of the, you know, misinformation, super spreaders of the world.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And we made t-shirts, you know, misinformation, super spreader, but, uh, I know that, um, he will relate to that a lot.
Yeah.
So has anything that you said turned out to be with five years of hindsight, wrong misinformation, right?

[SPEAKER_13]
No, it's all been, it's all been right.
But you know what?
That's really been my whole career.
I mean, you know, I was cured for delayed cord clamping and putting the baby in mother's abdomen.
And, you know, I've always been pushed in the envelope.
So it was almost like this.
God put us into crucible.
and to determine whether we would come out wanting or whether we would come out stronger.
And we've all come out stronger, at least my group.
And now I know people like you guys all over the world.
We all found each other.
And we wouldn't have found each other.
I would still be going to these cocktail parties where I didn't have that much in common with most of them.
But it looked good, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.
I love it.
Well, when I look at you right now, I think of your book.
goddesses never age.
And there she is.
And it's like, it's so true.
And then the message, um, change or die, right?
That's the other one that started growing.
Sorry, grow or die, grow or die, goddesses never age.
Thank you so much.
It's been such an honor talking to you.
I know Steve wants to come on and chat too.

[SPEAKER_13]
Thank you, Lisa.
This has been a pleasure, especially with the fire and all that stuff you're doing.
Whoa.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great time.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I just want to remind everyone, I know we've got two rumble streams going.
There was a little glitch in the, in the matrix as we were started the stream.
So we have two different groups of rumble streams going.
But if you have a question for Dr. Christiane Northrop, put them in the chat, all caps.
And then after Steve finishes asking some more questions, then I'll try to get to as many audience questions as possible.
And I wanted to follow up one thing.
When I saw your speech at the Back to Basics conference, and during the Q&A, there was a woman who came up to ask you a specific question.
She was like nine and a half weeks pregnant, and I thought she was going to actually drop right there.
And she had a lot of trouble about whether to decide to get the vitamin K shot.
And you had a very direct response.
Do you remember that moment?
I wonder if you can share that with our audience.

[SPEAKER_13]
The direct response is don't get a vitamin K shot.
I mean, it'll just hyper coagulate your kid.
You don't want it.
And there's stuff in there you don't want anyway.
And babies are designed.
to have less coagulability.
So no, you don't do a vitamin K shot.
Now, I did not know that at the time I had my kids, but they didn't get anything else.
So no vitamin K, no hep B.
People say to me all the time, well, what are the vaccines that I should get?
I go, none, none.
And they can't quite believe it because that is the religion.
And it is a fricking religion.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
What about the polio shot?
What about polio?

[SPEAKER_13]
About polio, what's so interesting, we know that polio was all the pesticides being sprayed.
The first polio was in Vermont spraying of these trees against some kind of a moth and then all these kids got polio.
And it always came in the summer when they were spraying with the DDT and so on.
And so you'd send your kids out to the country so they wouldn't get polio because they were spraying in the cities.
That's what polio is.
And now the only polio that people are getting is from this shot.
But they call it transverse myelitis, or they call it something else.
So we're still giving people polio.
But we just call it all this different stuff.
So yeah, dissolving illusions.
To me, that's the best book out there.
Suzanne Humphries, the woman is an aphrologist here in Maine.
Weird stuff happens in Maine.
Just says to the head of the hospital, because all her patients are getting renal failure.
She's having to dialyze them.
She's trying to figure out why.
Well, the hospital mandated the flu shot for everyone who came in, broken femur, heart attack, didn't matter.
Everyone had to get a flu shot.
So suddenly she's doing all this dialysis because their kidneys are failing.
And she does something no doctor does.
She reads the package insert.
Oh, no.

[SPEAKER_09]
You can have your license removed for reading the insert.

[SPEAKER_13]
So she goes to the head of the hospital and says, could we just delay the flu shot until they're better?
Like, let's not do this when someone's sick.
And they did what I watched them do, because I've testified three times in front of our legislature here in Maine.
And the zombie look comes on and they download the MP3.
And it says, vaccines are the most important thing ever invented for humanity.
And they've saved millions of lives.
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
So, and so that's when she took a sabbatical and began to do a deep dive on all the vaccines.
It turns out, you know, that milk made thing with smallpox, that's a lie too.
I mean, Mary has done deep dives on that.
There were whole towns in England in the 1800s that would not allow vaccination and people got better.
at home.
Oh yeah, whole towns do not vaccinate, big posters.
The way the lizards work, the deep state is just rinse and repeat.
Just do the same thing over and over, but we humans are onto them now.
We're onto them.

[SPEAKER_02]
I love it.
I love it.
Well, I hope I get to talk to you again someday soon.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
So do you think your colleagues will ever figure any of this stuff out or will they still be never?

[SPEAKER_13]
I don't know, not the, okay, here's the thing, Steve, at this point, if they're still working in a hospital, that means that they've had three, four, five shots and with each shot, they get dumber.
So the group that I've met though that I love are my colleagues on My Cycle Story, Dan McDyer down in Jacksonville, Florida, Kim Biss, who is the head of the hospital down in St. Petersburg, Jim Thorpe, of course.
So there's a handful.
of us who who get it and I think the others um you know at this point I was talking to a pediatrician friend of mine and he had to leave his practice because pediatricians make the majority of their income from shots.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh yeah there wasn't for the shots the pediatricians would be out of business right?

[SPEAKER_13]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, that's kind of what I heard is that it's like by giving them the shots, they basically create a revenue stream for kids coming in sick.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's right.
The Yelp rating of the pediatrician is determined by how many two-year-olds are up to date on the schedule.
So this is evil at a whole other level.
And then I love these people who go, well, how do I, you know, my pediatrician is not going to see me if I don't give my kids the shot.
What would you go near somebody like that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Are there any honest pediatricians out there?
I mean, there are a few.
I know there are a few and they end up getting their license revoked.

[SPEAKER_13]
Or they're like Larry Pilewski, my buddy Larry, Liz Mumper.
There are a few, and they're the ones who've been on the front lines of autism, and they've helped those kids.
So there are a few, but you're absolutely right, Steve.
Most people, if you even questioned COVID,
in Maine anyway, they'd take away your license.
You know, Meryl Nass is the poster child for this.
I mean, that woman, she just prescribed Ivermectin for one patient.
And then criminal need to lock her away forever.

[SPEAKER_09]
Take away her license.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, they released the Kraken because that woman started a substack and then went all over the world, telling everyone about the World Health Organization meeting with heads of governments.
They released Kraken.
Best thing they ever did.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, no, they basically set her free to educate the world.
Have you been able to, or do you know of any pediatricians that got essentially red-pilled during the COVID period and figured things out?
Let's not limit it to pediatricians.
Do you know any doctors at all that
Since the COVID shots really opened my eyes to what was going on.
Do you know of any doctors personally that you know?
I know a lot of people, you know, Pierre Corey, Paul Merrick, Peter McCullough.
So we know about these guys.
But do you know of people who are lower profile, who basically have switched positions and maybe are not as
diligent about vaccinating kids or, you know, just had their eyes open.

[SPEAKER_13]
And I hear about them.
I don't know them personally, but I hear about them because people will say to me, I went to my doctor and they said they wouldn't get it if they were me.
So I hear that there have been really good people in the trenches who are low profile.
And I think there are way more of them
than we can imagine.
It's just like when our governor here in Maine told Trump that she was going to stick with the laws of Maine and continue to allow boys in girl sports.
And Trump said, and then she said to Trump, I'll see you in court.
Well, what happened was it opened the floodgates and all these people in Maine who kept their mouths shut.
are now all over social media saying they don't agree with that before no one would say anything because I can tell you that because I've been on the front lines with Maine stands up and you know we've had little gatherings and trying to keep people up to date and making sure they don't go into the hospital suddenly the floodgates have opened and we've got about 80 percent of the people in this state are now
with us and they're bringing up the fact that we were shut down with COVID and all these doctors who had to leave the hospital and nurses and all the rest of it.
I mean, we're not out of the woods.
I think you're remarkable, Steve.
You actually decided that intellectual integrity and scientific inquiry were more important than your ego.
That's like remarkable.

[SPEAKER_09]
I actually enjoy challenging the medical establishment as an MIT trained engineer.
It's interesting that I'm the first guy, I think, as far as I know, to point out that the record level data that was released by the Czech Republic shows that these vaccines basically ended up doing nothing in terms of COVID mortality.
didn't save any COVID lives.
And the data was actually really stunning because it turns out that once you vaccinate people, you start off with a cohort and it goes and once you vaccinate, then they divide.
They separate into two groups.
They separate into the vaccinated and the unvaccinated.
And the mortality rate is three times higher.
If you're born in 1950,
Your mortality rate is three times higher if you're unvaccinated.
It has nothing to do with whether you took the shot or not.
It's just that the people who choose to refrain from vaccination are, by and large, less healthy because they don't have the socioeconomic status or because they're about to die.
They're in hospice.
They're not going to get the vaccine.
And so you see this three times difference in terms of the two cohorts.
Then when you apply COVID,
to those people with this big mortality difference.
What happens is they increase by 50%.
in both cases.
So their mortality increases proportional to what their mortality was, meaning there's no mortality benefit from getting the shots or not.
Now, there are some confounders in that it's not necessarily the case that people who are sick are going to get proportionally worse sick for COVID.
So there's no rule that says that they have to be exactly 50% higher mortality during COVID.
The agreement was stunning.
It was like, one was 1.49 and the other one was 1.50.
I mean, and this one was the first one I looked at.
And it's like, you couldn't have cherry picked this if you tried.
And so, but the problem is that the data was out there for anyone to pay, anyone to look at, right?
And if these people are competent,
or paying attention, they'd be looking at it.
But nobody looks at the data that tells you the answer.
And this is the first data that tells you the answer because we know who was vaccinated and who wasn't.
And we know who died and whether they were vaccinated when they died.
And we kind of look at low COVID versus high COVID.
That's all you needed is record level data with just that information.
It's not released by anybody anywhere, ever, except for the Czech Republic.
What's wrong with this picture?
I mean, this is so insane.
And there isn't a single member of the mainstream medical community that is speaking out like, where is the record level data on this stuff?
And there's no privacy violation.
11 million people have their records out in the public domain published by the Czech Republic.
And is there like, you can't tell who's who.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I know.
But remember, all the medical journals are owned.
Well, Lee Merritt does a deep dive on this.
Pergamon Press began to take over all the medical journals.
And that was a Nazi publication.
And Pergamon was the altar of Satan.
So when you begin to do a deep dive on this stuff, you go, whoa.
Whoa.
So the medical literature is very, very controlled.
We had so much trouble just getting our My Cycle Story stuff published.
Nobody wanted to touch it.
Nobody.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Well, I got a call right after the show started from Sabine Hazan, and she was saying that her paper was retracted.
And I said, your paper was retracted.
She said, now I have four papers that have been retracted.
I said, why did they retract it?
And she said, they claimed that I didn't get informed consent.
Oh, God.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Well, that means that the men in black showed up.
How does anyone even know that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Like, she has informed consent from everybody.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
She was like, there's no, you know, like, what the?
And it's, it's insane.
And these people get away with it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
But a bunch of us are waking up.
I mean, people are watching us on rumble.
Notice we can't do this on YouTube.
Isn't that I mean, I'm kind of permanently banned from YouTube on there.
I don't know.
But, you know, for a while there, if my name came up, you know, you couldn't see it.
So it's kind of fun because, you know, in Jurassic Park.
how they said, nature always finds a way, you know, they go to Jurassic Park and they see the big bump.
And Jeff Goldblum says, what's that?
And the other guy goes, oh, they're all female.
And then Jeff goes, nature always finds a way.
Here's the thing, the truth will come out because it always does.

[SPEAKER_09]
Eventually, yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
Eventually, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Eventually, so the and the only question is when and I'm pleased that RFK is the new director of HHS.
I've talked to him a few times since he got his appointment, which is so it's really hard to get a hold of him now.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah.
But I talked to him.
I said, hey, I want to chat with somebody honest in the CDC or the FDA about this data because it shows that the vaccines have no benefit whatsoever.
I mean, we've got to get this information out.
And so he's
He basically is trying to get the chess men in place so we can have the conversation.
So he said, check back with me later.
I'm trying to get some stuff done so you can have those conversations.

[SPEAKER_13]
He's done stuff on the flu shot, which is great.
He made the CDC remove their flu stuff.
And then he also, they canceled the meeting.
They have this yearly meeting.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right, to figure out what the next train will be.
Yeah, yeah, and yeah, those shots are complete waste of time.
They have no benefit.
And it's astonishing to me that the NIH did a study back in 2005.
And the study, the authors actually said, hey, you know, we looked to try to find a benefit, we couldn't find anything.
And then the NIH prohibited us from talking to the press about it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, you know, I didn't know this until just recently.

[SPEAKER_13]
You go, you know, Pierre Corrie, I met him at a thing and he said to me, you know, he was just waking up.
You know, he said, look, I used to read the New York Times every day and I believed all this.
And, you know, he's at the top of his game in New York.
And he said, I didn't know.
I mean, you don't know until you know.
And they do the same thing to everyone.
You're a quack, you're a whatever.
But, you know, how many of us are you going to keep saying this at this point, you know,
It's out of the bag now.
They can't keep censoring the individual doctors who've been saying this stuff for 40 years like me because now the tide has changed.
And we've got RFK Jr. and everyone pray for him.
I mean, think about it.
Trump goes in, boom, they hit him with COVID.
And Bobby goes in and they, boom, hit him with measles.
Like measles is some big deal.
It's no big deal, but they have created
See, that's how it works.
The dark forces cannot create.
They need to brainwash us into creating for them.
So they've got all of this doom and gloom about measles, which on the Brady Bunch, you know, they just showed you how to get comic books for your kids because they were going to be bored.
Well, the three days where they had measles, measles is no big deal.
Little vitamin A, you're good to go.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, but people can die from measles.
It's unclear whether this person
who was acclaimed to be unvaccinated for measles.
I think one of the treatments that they gave this person was the measles vaccine.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, you don't give a kid a vaccine when they're sick.
This is a thing that I hope everyone needs to know.
You can't take your dog in and give them a vaccine when they're sick.

[SPEAKER_09]
You shouldn't give any vaccines even if you're well.
What does sickness have to do with it?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, I know.
I know you shouldn't.
It's true.
It's true.
And so, you know, there's a petition, right, to get whatever it is, the truth out there about what happened to this one person.
But everyone is, they've lost their minds over measles.
And I was talking to Larry Paleski about it.
And he said, you just give some vitamin A and you could get over it real quick.

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, some people will die from measles.
But the
I saw a post from one of my friends, Ben.
I'm not supposed to name his last name, but he's from Mortality Watch.
He posted something like 5,000
For every person that dies of measles, the measles vaccine kills like 5,000 people, you know, or something like that.
I mean, it's so outrageous.
And all the stuff that you get from the New York Times is on, oh, Kennedy is going to make a, you know, these kids are going to be dying from measles.
But the measles vaccine has repercussions like autism that are horrible.

[SPEAKER_13]
three times the rate of autism if you're a black boy and that's the movie medical racism and everyone can go see it for free.
Bobby produced it and my friend Kevin Jenkins of Newark produced it medicalracism.com go watch it for yourself and then that guy Thompson hid all that data at the CDC and then finally came out oh well you know I sort of hid that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Well, Bill is actually a good guy.
I've been talking with Bill just a couple of days ago, in fact.
And I asked him, I said, so Bill, are there any other honest people at the CDC besides you?
Yeah.
And he wrote back, yes.
And I said, great, can I talk to them?
Let me see if I can, let me see if I can find the, come on.

[SPEAKER_16]
We didn't see any honest people when we were there, Steve, at the CDC.

[SPEAKER_09]
He replied, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's see.
Yeah, he says, I know the first author very well.
He cites a paper in Jama.
He is an honest person, but very unlikely to speak to you directly or speak publicly.
He is a shy scientist who tries to stay out of the limelight.
We had lunch together yesterday.
And it's like, wow.
Um, like, who's the honest scientist that can have a conversation with?

[SPEAKER_13]
You know, it's the same Steve as the doctors.
Who are the doctors?
Well, they don't want to out themselves in this atmosphere because they look at what's happened to me and what's happened to you and they don't want to step in there.
They, they, you know, have their life and they don't want their whole life uprooted by

[SPEAKER_09]
I mean, yeah, you sort of can't blame them.
I mean, you know, on the one hand, you can and the other hand, you can't.
No, it's like it's like you put yourself into their situation.
They have a family to feed.
It's like it's not their
You know a hill to to die on not and and so they They just go along with the flow.
I think it's I think it's bad But they they realize that well shit if if I don't go along with the flow, they're gonna shoot me and
I know.
And you're in a basically, as a doctor, you're in this no-win situation.
And so I feel for that.
But there are a lot of doctors who are just completely red-pilled by this whole thing.
And they're just believing the narrative.
And I have family members as well that think I'm a nutcase.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.
Well, I mean, that's why we had to all meet each other, I think.
I think it's the most amazing thing, you know, that I met Paul Merrick and Pierre Corrie and all these incredible people.
We wouldn't have met each other, but in the most unlikely circumstances.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
You know, and in these, because for a while,
You couldn't.
I was supposed to go down to a thing with the United Intentions Media in Atlanta to get an award.
It was going to be at a Unity Church.
Well, Antifa, Atlanta all over acts said, you know, that they were going to
do something to the pastor of the unity church if they had me.
And so therefore the church canceled the whole thing at 11 at night before 500 people were coming.
And we managed to get it in another venue.
This happened all the time.
Clay Clark told me they'd have to change the venues three times.

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_13]
Before they would ever be allowed to have a reawaken America tour thing happen.

[SPEAKER_09]
Dang.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, he was, you know, wow, wow.
So, you know, that was baptism by fire.
But I met all the good people.
And you know what, Steve, a lot of them didn't turn out to be good people because there's grifters everywhere.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
But it's stunning the delegation of
of expert opinion to the so-called experts at the CDC and the belief that, well, if the CDC is not saying anything, Steve, you're wrong.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
That's why I tell people, don't give money to the American Cancer Society.
Don't give money to any of the runs for the cure.
It's never going to change anything.
Yeah.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, when you think autism, people are going to realize that when you think doctors will acknowledge that vaccines cause autism, something that's so blatantly obvious to anybody who looks at the data.

[SPEAKER_13]
There's an old quote, science moves forward one funeral at a time.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
Well, there have been a lot of funerals in terms of autistic kids and it's a horrible tragedy.

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I'm talking about the doctors.
We just have to have a new group coming up.
I remember once I got a referral from an osteopath.
And it was on his pad.
And it was, birth control pills are interfering with this woman's intuition.
Please advise.
Well, birth control pills change you from alternating current to direct current.
And there's all kinds of things we could talk about with that.
And I said to him, how is it that you can see that?
He said, oh, I'm just too dumb not to notice.
But the stuff that's, it is so obvious to us.
But if you're mostly in your head,

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_13]
You're not going to see common sense, because this is what they've been telling you over and over.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, tell you to believe.
It's like the flu shots.
I mean, you know, the data has been out there for 20 years that the flu shots are completely useless and.

[SPEAKER_13]
They're doing Alzheimer's though.
They increase it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, well, you know, useless in terms of preventing the flu.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
People need to learn.
how to live according to the laws of nature that keep their body healthy.
And that's where hopefully we're going.
I just did, uh, uh, was in on a documentary that Jeff Hayes is doing.
He's making four Maha documentaries, make America healthy again with Bobby's kind of branding.
And that's where we're going.
Now we got to help the people that are suffering now and
We got to move forward because where we're going, as I said, is a very exciting place.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Truth.

[SPEAKER_16]
Can I ask a few audience questions?

[SPEAKER_13]
Love it.
Sure.

[SPEAKER_16]
All right.
Well, here we go from Monica Greb question.
Dr. Northrop, what do you think of thermograms for breast to check for breast cancer?

[SPEAKER_13]
They're great.
They're very, very good.
You see, because the thing is, the thermograms came around in the 70s.
And again, like Louis Pasteur versus Beauchamp or Tesla versus Edison, the mammogram took off for marketing purposes.
A mammogram is a static thing.
It shows a picture in one thing.
A thermogram is a functional test.
It shows you the heat pattern of the breast.
And the heat pattern is as unique as your fingerprints.
You get a baseline thermogram.
And then, and this is the cool part of a thermogram, if it shows a lot of cellular inflammation,
You can do things like changing your diet and all of that stuff, use castor opax.
Watch it change.
Watch the inflammation decrease.
That's actual prevention because inflammation is the root cause of all chronic degenerative diseases, including cancer.
So that's my answer to thermogram.
And I've been a big fan of that.
But also you've got to change your approach to the breast.
You know, like we, we teach people the, the breast self-exam, right?
Make your hands into two mind sweepers and then, you know, touch your breasts, trying to find something that's going to kill you.
No woman is going to do that.
You've got to change the paradigm so that you're using the electromagnetic field of your hands.
There's a healing power.
Then approach your breast to give it loving energy.
And I got a whole section on breast massage and women's bodies, women's wisdom.

[SPEAKER_16]
Fantastic.
Thank you for the question, Monica.
Question from Dr. Laura.
I agree about forgiving the past, but how about while we are trying to get justice and stop the globalists from killing more of us, how do you walk that tightrope?

[SPEAKER_13]
Well, I was approached by, I saw Jeff Childers, Dr. Jeff Child, Dr.
He's an attorney Jeff Childers out of Florida, who I love.
And he said on his substack, I will take the case of any of the disinformation doesn't.
And I'll file it as a first amendment case censorship.
If any of you are takers so you know I'm a I'm a taker like I think we need to see justice and so I came up with all of the crap that's been said about me.
I mean, it's really it's it's libel.
It's awful.
It's evil.
And so if we take the case, believe me, I will move forward with that.
But this is an individual thing.
What is the hill you're gonna die on?
And some of them are the hill you're gonna die on.
And then others, if you've ever been involved in lawfare, you know that it's like the house in Vegas, the house always wins.
So you have to decide
how far you want to go with revenge.
There's a biblical phrase, justice is mine, sayeth the Lord.
So you just decide, do you want me in this spin in the rest of my life to try to get justice?
Also, if you're outmanned and outgunned,
on the earth.
You turn to a higher authority.
I've been sued eight times, so I really understand this system.
And you can't let yourself get so mired in it that you're going to keep fighting, because this is how Satan, Satan owns the law, by the way, the legalistic system.
That's all satanic.
So we have to see justice, we will see justice.
And each of us has to do, you have to decide when you're gonna stay, when you're gonna hold them, when you're gonna fold them.
It's an individual decision.
But believe me, I wanna see a lot more people in Gitmo.
I'm real interested in it.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, you and me both.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, right.

[SPEAKER_16]
Question from Happy Hoofers.
Dr. Northrop, can you speak about bioidentical hormones for menopausal and postmenopausal women?

[SPEAKER_13]
It is one of my specialties.
I was on Oprah with Suzanne Summers, who is no longer with us.
And I was a pioneer in bio identical hormones.
What are they?
They are the hormones that exactly match what's found in the female body and they cannot be patented because you cannot patent any of God's creation, interestingly enough.
However, you can patent the glue.
like the estroderm patch or the vivel patch or whatever.
And bioidentical hormones are really helpful for a lot of women.
They have to be individually dosed.
And I started a company for an herbal product called Perraria marifica that helps many, many women so they don't need a prescription.
But not all women do well on that and not all women do well on the bio identicals.
So, but there's a lot of things you can do.
And in my book, the wisdom of menopause, I cover all of that.

[SPEAKER_16]
So grab her book and learn even more.
I would say.

[SPEAKER_00]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Next question is from.
Here we go.
Petriette at Steel Magnolia.
Please address autoimmune related thyroid dysfunction issues, hypothyroidism.

[SPEAKER_13]
Um, everyone needs more iodine than they are getting.
And oftentimes the thyroid issue is glyphosate.
So you think it's a gluten sensitivity, but it's really glyphosate.
So you want to try getting some, um, iodine kelp is a good way to get it.
I would also do castor oil packs to your neck and your thyroid and
Then also it is about the voice.
This is the fifth emotional center and it's about telling your truth.
in the right timing.
It's about timing and telling the truth and personal creativity.
And the reason so many women have this problem is that the feminine voice has been downplayed and subdued for generations.
And nine million women were burned as witches in the Middle Ages, and they were the herbalists, the midwives, the healers.
So there's been a kind of a thing on planet Earth where
You're crazy and we don't want to hear what you have to say.
So therefore I want you to practice.
The other thing that really helps is toning, like singing, like, you know, humming, all that stuff does with works wonders to rehabilitate this whole thing.

[SPEAKER_16]
Steve, who is the doctor we had on who used humming as a healing practice?
I don't remember who it was, but I remember that.
That's right.
Phillip McMillan.
That's right.
Dr. McMillan had, uh, he, he talked about, he'd practice it every day when he's walking down the street.
Steve, have you been humming?
No, I haven't been.
That's why you hurt your back.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, there you go.
Not enough humming.
Probably it.

[SPEAKER_16]
Question from Sophia77.
Is it safe to use frequency machines for healing considering all the dark frequencies they're throwing at us and possible interference?

[SPEAKER_13]
That is such a great question.
There are certain healing frequency machines that I love.
The tuning forks of Eileen McCusick is great.
The Centropix mat is fantastic.
The Biomat is fantastic.
The Reif machines and so on, you know,
If you get it just a little off, it's not so good.
And so I would be careful with those things.
But remember, healing is voltage.
So you want to do whatever you can.
The pulse electromagnetic field stuff increases voltage, and that's really, really helpful.
So in general, that works.
But I'm with her about the frequencies.
But remember, your intent is the most powerful thing.
So your intent is to connect with
God and you're made in the image of God and then you know I always go around saying get the behind me saying like get out of here kick them out yeah yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Question from M. Turturici.
Dr. Northrop, I heard you say no vaccines.
So what are your thoughts on shingles prevention or remedies to get through the virus comfortably?
And he also added, you are amazing.

[SPEAKER_13]
Oh, thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Or she.

[SPEAKER_13]
A cayenne pepper does an amazing job with shingles.
Also, garlic is fantastic with shingles.
So what you're trying to do is, as we know, the chickenpox virus lives in the dorsal root ganglion.
And that's how you can get shingles.
And they're always in the distribution of that segment.
So, you know, you can get a trigeminal and all of that stuff.
But believe it or not, the cayenne pepper ointment works beautifully.
And just generally like fasting really, really helps.
So there's a lot you can do.
to prevent it.
If you get it, and it's really bad, I would go with the Zoverex, which is the basic antiviral from medicine, and sometimes you need some steroids.
I wouldn't worry about that stuff.
But generally, if your immune system is healthy,
You're not going to get this stuff.
You are not.
We're seeing, by the way, shingles in nine-year-olds and 10-year-olds.
We never saw that before they started to mess with it with the chickenpox virus.
So what you want to do, if at all possible, is get chickenpox when you're a kid.
I tried desperately to make sure my kids had it.
So we wouldn't have the problem later.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
That's the way I got them when I was young.

[SPEAKER_13]
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
I have a question.

[SPEAKER_13]
And you have, you know, measles and chickenpox, all the, they confer immunity to you so that later you won't get cancer.
These are all important things.
It's toning the immune system.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right on.
Steve, there's a question for you from flock 12.
Uh, yes.
How is your eye doing and how's your back?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, my back is better and my eye is worse.
And yeah, like I'm I've lost all vision in my right eye.
Oh, I did not know that.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, I'd had a second bleed.
How recently was that?

[SPEAKER_09]
Um, couple of weeks ago.

[SPEAKER_16]
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, the doctors can completely baffled, never seen anything like it.
Basically, half my eye was blind and now the other, a year later, the other half went blind.
So now I'm completely blind in one eye.
And we'll never recover it.

[SPEAKER_13]
I don't believe that.
I work with people who do really interesting things.
So get in touch with Steve.

[SPEAKER_16]
Okay.
We'll have to put you two together and see if we can have a miracle happen.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yup.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yup.
Last question for you, Dr. Northrop.
Tom Fratello asks, are there any safe alternatives to surgery for treating cataracts?

[SPEAKER_13]
Yes.
Castor oil, good cold press organic castor oil, and sun gazing.
And you start really, really slowly, just at dawn or at sunset.
And you can literally just gaze at the sun.
And, you know, this is another big lie, right?
The sun is brisk.
Don't look at the sun.
No, we're phototropic.
We're supposed to be getting natural light.
You probably know the work of Dr. Frank Cruz, the neurosurgeon who brings all of his patients outside to heal.
He is so phenomenal.
And it's all about the light and the biophotonic sunlight.
So I would try that first.
There's an incredible book.
It might be out of print.
Sunlight Could Save Your Life by Zane Keim, K-I-M-E.
So try that first.
And then, you know, if you have to get the cataract surgery, they're incredibly good at it now.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.
Specialists are really, really good at it.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Dr. Northrop, where can people find you?
They want to track you.

[SPEAKER_13]
Yeah, drnorthrup.com.
You'll see everything.
I have a sub-stack.
That's kind of my inner circle where I tell you all the good stuff.
I've got an eNews, drnorthrup.com.
I put my gnarly stuff on X and telegram, and I keep the puppies and kittens over on Facebook.
Um, and occasionally do an Instagram live, but I, I do most of the stuff over on sub stack, but just drnorthrup.com and Janet will put that in the chat for us for our audience to follow you.
Great.

[SPEAKER_16]
Steve, any final questions for Dr Northrop or any thoughts, uh, based on tonight's fantastic enlightening conversation.

[SPEAKER_09]
No, can't can't think of anything else.
All right now.
Great.

[SPEAKER_16]
All right.
Well, Dr. Northrup, thank you so much for joining us tonight.
And I hope you join us again in the future sometime that would be great to have you back and maybe we can talk about men's health.

[SPEAKER_13]
That'd be fun because there's a lot of stuff that's gone on with men that's not okay.
And we
We really need to bring back healthy men, husbands, fathers, protectors.
We need that.
And that's what needs to come next.
So I'd love to do that.

[SPEAKER_16]
All right, you're on.
We'll look ahead at the calendar and schedule the men's conversation.

[SPEAKER_13]
Beautiful all right great.

[SPEAKER_16]
Well, thank you both for coming on Steve.
I'm gonna switch gears here and Everyone hang in there.
I'm gonna have another special guest coming on shortly here, but I want to set this up There was a yesterday.
Let me find this
Governor Ron DeSantis and First Lady Casey DeSantis called to protect patient freedom and permanently ban mRNA mandates in Florida.
So what happened was Governor Ron DeSantis and his First Lady called the CDC to stop recommending the COVID-19 vaccine for children.
Additionally, Governor Ron DeSantis and First Lady Casey DeSantis called on the Florida legislature to make permanent
The state prohibitions on M RNA mandates and to add vaccination status protections to the patients bill of rights.
And I want to bring on Heather Hudson.
Hello, Heather.
How are you this evening?
Welcome to VSRF live.

[SPEAKER_18]
Hi, how are you?

[SPEAKER_16]
I'm doing very well.
Thank you.
So, for those of you that don't know, let me find your bio here and get people updated on your story.
Here we go.
Heather is our good friend who is Cody's mom.
Heather is a Florida mom fighting for justice for the vaccine injured.
Her research on the COVID-19 vaccine, LNPs and autoimmune blood clotting, antifassoid, lopid, I can't say that word properly.
Steve, help me out there.
Syndrome.
Antifassoid.
Antifassoid.
Thank you.
Linked to the COVID-19 vaccine injuries is used in litigation in three countries.
Her substack, a mother's anthem, is read in all 50 U.S. states and 60 countries.
Heather wrote the proposed CODI's law to help get medical care for the vaccine injured who are abandoned by all programs meant to help them, including the CICP and Social Security Medical Programs.
All vaccine injured and emergency countermeasure injured citizens are left without immediate medical care programs
at the time of the injury and they go with care and medication.
Some are fighting for their lives and others have lost their fight.
Heather is standing up with them and an army of parents, bereaved families, doctors, advocates, and injured citizens to get them this medical care.
Cody's law has been filed in the Florida House as HB149 and in the Florida Senate as SB1362, but there is still work to do to get it passed.
Again, thank you for joining us, Heather.
And I wanted to get your take to start off on yesterday's announcement in Florida.
And I know you've been in contact with DeSantis.
Can you tell us your take on what happened yesterday and what, you know, the good news about it in Florida?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
So it's his team that calls me.
I think early on we spoke when he had the round table.
He spoke to a lot of us.
But now it's, you know, he has a team that calls.
And so I do want to focus on the good things that happened yesterday because some of the people that you were talking about and really pushed hard for these changes.
So most people don't know that, you know, behind every bill or every guideline or any law, there's usually thousands and thousands of citizens who have been pushing the politicians
to do this, and this is what happens in Florida.
It's amazing how many people work together without these big fights and, you know, we just work.
And so some of this that happened yesterday was the result of these, it's not organized groups, it's parents, it's the average, your neighbor, your grocery clerk, your librarian, but they're all writing letters, writing campaigns and calling campaigns.
Really, really good name is the one that I focus on from yesterday is that people in Florida are going to be able to have transplant surgeries and surgeries without being forced to get a COVID-19 vaccine or any vaccine.
So it's anti-discrimination to protect people from being discriminated against medical procedures and such based on their vaccine status.
That's huge.
That is absolutely huge.
And honestly, I mean, all of us should just be cheering right now.
So that's the one that I'm focused on.
And the fact that they're reaching out to stop the shots for children is something that all of us, I think, around the country have been working on.
So this is wonderful.
We all know that in children, their immune system is
It's active and sometimes overactive and their thymus gland is still in place or mostly in place.
And so when they have a response to a vaccine, it's going to be greater.
So, you know, these children who are healthy and robust, they obviously never needed this.
No, we can talk all day about who else didn't need it, but saving the children protecting children.
This is huge.

[SPEAKER_16]
So I want to ask you about who this doesn't help yet, right?
Can you give us a little bit of background on your son on Cody and what you're still pushing and fighting for?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
So, you know, for me, it's really hard because I'm pulled in a few different directions.
And I think it makes me a little distracted when I'm talking and trying to stay on topic because emotionally, what's happened to Cody and on a daily basis, him fighting for his life.
And I, I wrote a proposed law that's going through the legislation.
I also do medical research and it's a lot to.
You know, keep, you know, in mind and focus.
So.
trying to go through this and not be super emotional can be hard, so I'm human.
But I was taken aback yesterday because Cody is terminally ill.
He's fighting for his life and he has antiposfolipid syndrome, but not just a normal antiposfolipid syndrome.
His is triple positive.
and then it became treatment resistant so triple positive meaning that all three antibodies that can be affected are for him and there he is so significantly affected that his or higher done can be measured in a lab you know three years out plus so and he's very sick in that way and then his body stopped responding to blood thinner so even though he's
fully anti-coagulated and they can test to see that.
He still gets blood clots and so he's had significant clotting.
He's had four strokes to date.
He has had two different episodes of massive pulmonary embolism.
He's had a lesser pulmonary emboli, a partially collapsed lung, leaky heart valves,
Left ventricular hypertrophy, he has POTS, he has neuropathy, he has Raynaud syndrome, he has Sjogren syndrome, and he has stenosis in his brain.
I could go on.

[SPEAKER_09]
How many doctors recognize that he was injured by the COVID vaccines?

[SPEAKER_18]
His case is peer reviewed and published, and I did the medical research on that.
And we came in back in 2022 to talk about that.
So his is one of the first linked autoimmune blood clotting disorders for COVID-19 vaccines.
So from there on out, almost every
Every doctor since that initial going to the mainstream hospitals, they started recognizing that this happened.

[SPEAKER_09]
And so, you know, what, what, what do they attribute it to the vaccine and it ended the peer reviewed literature article attributed to the vaccine?
Or did it just say, oh, it's coincidence.
I wonder if it's causal or not.

[SPEAKER_18]
No, it says linked to the, the, the.
The title is, I think it's a case of COVID, a case of anti-phosphorytine mRNA COVID-19 vaccine linked antiphospholipid syndrome.
So as a matter of fact, I'm due to speak with Yehuda Schoenfeld's team about Cody's case.
So he is a, likely a classic Schoenfeld syndrome.
So he not only has the,
the link to the adjuvants and the inflammatory events that took place with that.
But also we've got the non-self with the phospholipids being coated in PEG and the body, not recognizing the difference between the vaccine phospholipids and his own.
So he ended up with the autoimmune disorder there.
And then he also has a spike antibodies higher than can be measured in a lab.
It's like 1300 plus days out now.
So it's not just a normal antiphospholipid syndrome.
It's significant and it's complicated.

[SPEAKER_09]
But do all of his doctors now that it's in the peer reviewed literature acknowledge that he's vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_18]
They do.
We get a lot of pushback from the mainstream hospitals only.
I mean, the big hospitals.

[SPEAKER_09]
Pushback, how so?

[SPEAKER_18]
And so, for instance, one of the main hospitals here in Florida, Cody had a massive frontal lobe stroke, and the teaching team wanted to see him.
We have a brain institute here, and I can't remember the name of it, but it's a stroke and brain institute here.
They wanted to see him, which I thought was kind of odd.
We didn't request it.
They set up an appointment for him.
and encouraged us to come in.
When we did come in and they started to look at him, now mind you, he was 24 at the time and he's already had numerous strokes.
He has severe stenosis on the left side of the brain throughout three regions and he's had a blood clot in the venous cavernous.
He's gone through a lot, so it's unbelievable to them.
The doctor there said,
Did he have exposure to a medicine or chemical?
And I said, this is from the COVID-19 vaccine.
And things change rapidly.
He was not given any more care there.
They actually said, we're going to refer you back out to rheumatology, which is really rare.
We received a lot of pushback from agencies that were trying to get help.
They said, oh, he should be with neurology.
Well, neurology pushes him.
back out.
They don't want to see his case.
As a matter of fact, they thought he had a blood clot in his heart the day that we were there and they ordered a Doppler for its heart and they also ordered a new brain scan.
They didn't follow through with either one of those.
I had to take my son to some urgent and emergency care.
We were basically kicked out and that was the hospital systems as well.
You know, in the first five months of Cody's illness and I have all the documentation that shows

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Why do you think they kicked you out?
Is it because they don't believe your story or because they don't want to?
I can understand it if he didn't take the vaccine that they would kick you out because he's not vaccinated, but he took the vaccine.
How many shots did he have before this happened?

[SPEAKER_18]
He had two.
So I think there's two answers to that.
One, this particular
you know, high-end stroke center said, his case is above our pay grade.
I've heard that term several times.
His case is so complex.
So that's one thing.
And then the other thing is, this is autoimmune in nature for him.
This is antibody-driven and a rheumatologist needs to be handling that.
But the problem is the drug is Rituxin, which is anywhere from $40,000 to $80,000 a year.
In his case, it's $80,000 as much as he needs.
There's no way our family can afford that.
Like his other doctors say, we are just kicking the can down the road at this point for him.
It's so hard to talk about.
He is really tough.
and really strong, but he could have blood clotting at any moment that just takes him.

[SPEAKER_09]
So just out of curiosity, when this whole thing started, presumably you were both all gung-ho about the vaccine that's going to save you from COVID and so forth.
Or were you a little bit coerced?
Were you coerced?
Or like, why did you take the shots?

[SPEAKER_18]
So in our case, my husband was absolutely against the shots.
I just did not think that they had gone through enough testing or that enough time had taken place for them to know that they were safe.
We did encourage Cody not to take the shots and we have a very unique situation.
And I remember talking to you about this in 2022.
So we have a double doctorate in our family, if you remember.
And he was encouraging all the family members to get the shots, but in Cody's case, his friends were getting the shots and they were okay.
Doctors were telling him to get the shots, but he was told specifically by a doctor,
that if he brought COVID-19 infection home, that me, his mother, that I would die.
He was actually told that because I have autoimmune disorders.
I have muscle disease.
And he is a good kid, high-functioning autism, a rule follower.
He believed he was saving his mom's life.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
So what is the double doctorate saying now?

[SPEAKER_18]
He did not want us to talk about Cody's condition at all and what happened to him.
He was not the nicest person.
It's very bad.

[SPEAKER_09]
Do you apologize?
Do you say he was wrong?
Do you say, hey, I'm really sorry?

[SPEAKER_18]
Oh gosh, no.
No.
No.
It's been a huge sadness for our family.
No, it got ugly.
It got ugly.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
So sad.
It's a terrible story.

[SPEAKER_18]
It really is because for a year or more, we were all just, okay, you have your thoughts and your view and we have our view.
And then when Cody's case became treatment resistant, this is not his words, this is just my thought.
I think that he just was in disbelief that we could go from having shots to
you know, two years down the road, he's fighting for his life again.
And from here on out, he will be fighting for his life.
His life will be cut short.

[SPEAKER_09]
Has he done anything whatsoever to help?
Like, oh, I can refer you to doctors who will not say this is above our pay grade.
I will help to refer you

[SPEAKER_18]
No, he was, he was just furious that we're speaking out.
And so that's, it's been a falling out.
Steve, it's very, very hard to talk about and go around it because I don't want to cause more.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yep.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.
Very hard.

[SPEAKER_16]
And I have a couple of questions coming in from the audience.
Um, first one is that, uh, does it help at all if staters call Florida legislators for Cody's law?
Who should they call?

[SPEAKER_18]
So any state, not just Florida, this has to be public outcry.
So to kind of just give a brief reason for that is that Cody's law can be replicated in all the other states.
And we want to start getting as much momentum as we can.
So Cody's law, just in brief, briefly, is people are already
sick and injured from these vaccines.
We know per the congressional reports and also the letter from the 14 state attorney generals that these injuries are acknowledged on a federal level and also several state levels.
And we also know that it's acknowledged that the compensation programs are failed and failing them.
If they seek compensation, it's going to be two to three years.
but also there are no state programs or federal programs that provide medical care to these people at the time of injury.
So for people who have cancer, when they go to the hospital and the hospital thinks they have cancer, just when they think they have cancer, a social worker comes in and they start setting them up for Social Security Medicare or Medicaid.
It's called Compassion and Allowances.
It expedites the claims.
So I want to make it very clear because there was some media out there this week that said this is just going to be a financial burden on Florida.
This isn't new claims.
This isn't new people that are getting sick.
This is people who are going to be sick from these vaccines and they will go into these disability programs and Medicare and Medicaid.
And these are people who are already in these programs that are waiting 2 to 3 years without being able to get medication like Cody.
And so.
There's people in every single state that are going through this.
They're losing their cars.
They're losing their houses.
They've already lost their jobs because they're disabled.
They lost their insurance and there's nothing.
They've been abandoned.
And like I said, Congress recognized that they were abandoned.
14 AGs recognize they're abandoned.
So we got this bill to a point where we have both the Senate,
sponsorship and the representative house sponsorship here in Florida, which is almost unheard of.
So this is getting expedited care to these people.
What they can do is they can call Governor DeSantis office and respectfully.
It's really important that we are respectful and not not angry because we can be very emotional about this and ask them please to
support and pass Cody's law.
Governor DeSantis specifically and Casey and Dr. Lattapo have not worked with us with Cody's case to an extent where it's been brought to the public.
Since 2022, we've been in communications.
He's supposed to have been in several of the press conferences and
You know, it's a little bit of tension here in Florida, if I'm honest, but the beautiful thing about this is we still have time.
We've got this law.
We have just under 60 days where it goes through committee.
And during this period where it's going through committee, the legislators are looking at it and seeing how it can best work.
Then they vote on it, and then it goes to governor Sanchez desk and he gets to help.
countless people in the state of Florida who are waiting and they're waiting through this red tape and some of them die during that period of time.
So call, be respectful.
They can call the Florida representatives and the Florida senators as well.
So this wouldn't be the federal senators.
This is the ones in the states.
You have to look at Florida state senators and Florida Governor DeSantis and the
The phone numbers will be there.
You can also email them from any state on my sub staff that provide all the emails and quite a bit of information about Cody's law.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you.
On a side note, you're working on research that could help Steve and his bet.
Can you explain that briefly?

[SPEAKER_18]
Yes.
Okay.
So with my research, like I said, I'm like a better writer than I am a speaker and.
So something that I'm working on and Dr. Lori's team and some of the doctors that she knows are going to publish this with me.
So I'm kind of giving you guys a sneak peek, but I really want to help Steve with his bet.
So what I do is I synthesize the work of the COVID-19 manufacturers and the lipid developers and manufacturers.
And so there's a study that I've been working on.
And so what it is is that
At the rollout of the COVID-19 vaccines, there was an EUA, obviously, and the charity of the vaccines and the integrity of the mRNA were assessed, and the assessment was called CE.
I'm pretty sure Steve is familiar with what CE is.
I actually went all the way down into the
the contracts to find out if it really was CE.
So this is an asset technique that they use to see how pure and how intact the mRNA are.
So it turns out that after over a year, just around a year, one of the manufacturers found out that CE cannot see the impurities and the integrity of the mRNA.
They had no idea
For the first year, including when the way was proved.
So.
This can help Steve, because.
So, with with the, I think.
The parity at 60% showed.
It was 60% parity on the, and the, and the vaccine looked like it was, hey, we can get this out in the lots and this can go through production and to the people.
So, then they looked at it with.
I'm going to stumble on it.
It's RPHLC.
I think Steve, is that it?
I don't know.
Liquid chromatography.
Okay.
It's a different assay.
The first assay is like having binoculars and looking for a flea.
The second assay is like having a microscope and looking for the flea.
They could not determine whether the mRNA was intact or not.
When they started using the more sophisticated assay,
they found a historical, meaning all the way back from the beginning, adducts and covalent bonds and a degradation of not only the lipids, but the mRNA.
So the wording that they use is significant.
So the mRNA was significantly degraded.
So they were not able to determine how
how viable the vaccines were for over a year.
And then these studies did not get into the field for two years.
So we don't know what went out in the lots because they could not even see it.
And so if the tails, the poly-A tails are not intact, which is what we're finding to a significant, there were a significant degree, that means
that the vials were not, they were not effective.
The people were not getting effective mRNA that could not do its job.
And if it couldn't do its job, and we know it couldn't do its job because the manufacturers say that to a significant percent, it could not do its job and they know why now.
then we couldn't have saved a million lives.
And that's what I've been waiting to tell you for a while.
And I have all the studies, the data, I went all the way down into contracts with the government and found out exactly which assay technique they use.
And sure enough, they use the assay technique that can't even see it to get the EUA, which I think is profound.
I expected you to drop the drop.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so I mean, sharing your point is that they're.
But I think the problem is that without testing all the vials, without proving it, that it was degraded in all the vials, it becomes.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, they did.
They tested testing and then they even in all in all vials.
So here's the thing.
The.
um defect is a defect known to the lipids and it cause adducts and it is historical and it is throughout the industry and it says it in in the studies it is throughout every single not just COVID-19 but every single ionizable ionizable padionic lipid it's a
It's an aldehyde adduct and it was not only just all the vials, but all other products using the ILMP.
It has been proven it is from the manufacturers and then they started going back to the drawing board.
There's patents in there showing that they used certain
Cholation and such to try and find out what in the world was causing the addicts.
Not only their words are historical, it is industry-wide.
It was all the vials and it was all the way back from the start of the ILMPs.
It's a significant study.
It's a significant find.
It sounds unbelievable, but I have all the documentation on it.

[SPEAKER_16]
Okay.
All right.
Let's talk more.
Yeah.
Let's look into that.
Heather, how can people help Cody?
Where can they help donate?

[SPEAKER_18]
We do have to go back and forth to Tallahassee quite a bit in the next 60 days in order to testify in the community meetings and such.
I put it in the chat for DC there.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah, here it is on the screen.
Yeah, Janet, Janet will put it in the chat as well.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
So that's the gifts and go if you, um, if you can help support Cody and Heather and their family, there's the website, there's the link and it'll be in the chat, um, whatever you can, uh, would be, I'm sure extremely helpful for Heather and her family and Cody.

[SPEAKER_18]
We just want to save lives and we desperately want Governor DeSantis and Dr. Lattapo and Casey DeSantis to recognize the importance of the vaccine injured in the state of Florida getting expedited medical care.
They're suffering.
They're suffering greatly.
It's the next step.

[SPEAKER_16]
Heather, thank you for coming on and sharing all that insight and the story of Cody again.
It is gut wrenching.
It's heartbreaking.
And there's so many more out there that are going through something completely challenging and difficult and heartbreaking.
So thank you for speaking up and continuing your work and your fight.

[SPEAKER_18]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Hopefully, the governor to Santas and Lattapo and Casey will all continue to do the work that they're doing and incorporate Cody's law into the bill over in Florida.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, so many people need them too.
Not just Cody.
So many people.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_18]
Thank you.
Thank you, Livio, for your kindness and your compassion.
Thank you, Steve.
for your humanitarian work.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_16]
Thank you, Heather.
And send all our best to Cody, please.

[SPEAKER_18]
Yeah, definitely.

[SPEAKER_16]
Great.
I'm sorry.

[SPEAKER_18]
Well, let's go on and save some lives.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yes.
Let's do that.
Thank you.
Wow.
It's it's just a rem continues to be a remarkable story.
And then I think, you know, how many more out there suffering and struggling like that?
It is remarkable.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's horrible.

[SPEAKER_16]
Um, okay.
So we're going to pivot a little bit, hang in there till the end, because I've got a little clip from Casey DeSantis at a press conference yesterday, followed by a trailer for a film.
So hang in there, but I got a couple of more announcements to make before we part.
And I want to remind everyone again that we have
A new raffle.
Let me call this up here on the screen.
Here it is.
And this is our new raffle.
for a VSRF, and it is a year's supply of Dr. Stella's Covi-Vites supplement packed with quaceritin, zinc, vitamin C, and D3, plus a copy of her powerful book, Let America Live.
Dr. Stella has fearlessly stood for medical freedom, helping countless people stay healthy.
And now you can be prepared for whatever comes next.
Make sure you get your raffle tickets today and consider grabbing one for a friend who needs to hear this message.
This could be the gift that opens their eyes.
And remember, more tickets you buy, the greater your chances of winning.
So don't wait, enter now for your shot at this incredible prize.
Visit givebutter.com backslash Dr. Stella to buy your raffle tickets now and Janet will put that link in the chat.
We'll be giving updates every week until the raffle ends on March 25th, 2025.
And so don't delay, get in on that raffle and then also
I want to mention tonight's donor spotlight comes from V in Hawaii, who writes, thank you for all the truth you've spread to save minds, hearts, and lives.
V, thank you for your support.
We will continue to spread the truth and fight for medical freedom for all.
We are standing up against censorship, medical coercion,
and a system that has failed countless individuals, we refuse to back down.
We are here to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, expose the truth and demand accountability, but we can't do it alone.
So if you believe in medical freedom and form consent and ethical science, now is the time to take action, your donations.
And I know we've asked a lot between
Cody and VSRF, but whatever you can.
You can take a picture of the QR code.
Go to or you can text to 53-555.
And or you can visit our VSRF.org donate website.
And on that note, I want to also announce that next week.
We have Dr. Stella from our raffle.
So that's gonna be an excellent episode that we will...
She'll be joining us to discuss the measles outbreak in Texas, along with other pressing health topics.
Dr. Stella has been a fearless advocate for medical freedom and early treatment, and we're looking forward to another eye-opening conversation with her.
And we actually may have another few special guests.
Actually, we're gonna have the filmmakers follow the silenced joining us.
Mickey Willis will be joining us, and Matt, the director,
We'll be joining us at some point during next week's episode as well.
And I'm going to play the trailer at the very end.
It's going to be premiering at the Santa Monica Film Festival a week from Saturday, on March 15th.
Steve, are you going down for the premiere?

[SPEAKER_09]
I am, yeah.

[SPEAKER_16]
Excellent.
I'll see you there.
I'm actually coming out.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_16]
So it'll be great to see you again in person.
So everyone will talk more about the film on next week's episode.
So if you are in the Southern California region next week from Saturday on March 15th, get your tickets Santa Monica Film Festival or follow the silence.
Steve, another great night.
Yeah.
Thank you for being here.
And, um, it's, I'm glad to hear that your back is doing better.

[SPEAKER_09]
It's like, if that's not one thing, it's another.

[SPEAKER_16]
Yeah.
And I'm sorry to hear about your eye.
I did not know that it progressed and so tragic.

[SPEAKER_09]
We're going to have to just say, just, you know, it's like a year later, you're starting to get vision back and starting to see things and then bam.
All the lights are out now.

[SPEAKER_16]
The last thing is out.
Nothing.
I can't see anything.
Last time I asked you, you had partial sunburiness.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was getting better and then, bam, the other part of the eye blood.
So I've got like this massive subred ol' hemorrhage on, you know, that's totally covering everything now.
My eye doctor was my retina specialist, Dr. Jumper at West Coast Retina.
He's like, wow, this is really weird.
Never seen anything like this.
It was massive.
It's just basically it took out everything that was left.

[SPEAKER_16]
I think we should at least put you again in touch with Dr. Christian Northrop and try something I have.
I know.

[SPEAKER_09]
But I'm not going to stick at this point.
I bet.
Well, it's kind of like either a lot of things you can do to to hurt.
There's there's nothing known that can help as far as I know.

[SPEAKER_16]
Uh, I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
Well, Steve, have a great rest of your week, uh, evening and weekend and to everyone out there that, uh, is in our audience on rumble and on X.
We really appreciate you being here and standing with us and thank you.
And we will see you next week.
Enjoy these, uh, closing video with, um, the first little clip is.
Florida's first lady, Casey DeSantis, as she calls to protect patient freedom and permanently ban mRNA mandates in Florida, followed by the trailer for follow the silence to have a great evening and weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_17]
So I don't come here today.
Just as the first lady of the state of Florida, I come here today as a mama of an eight, six and a four year old.
And it is absolutely ridiculous and unconscionable that at this point with what we know about the mRNA COVID vaccine, and frankly, what we don't know about the COVID mRNA vaccine, that the CDC would still put this on their MR, the shot still on their recommended vaccine list for our children.
And I think that that is an utter disgrace.
And I think that they need to take that down.
This should be evidence based, not agenda driven.
The CDC loses further credibility when their recommendations are not justified by all of the available evidence that we're seeing.
So I look forward to continuing to work with our great surgeon general.
I look forward to working with the legislature to ensure that the mRNA mandate is permanently banned in the state of Florida.
And that vaccine status is not used as a way to discriminate against our fellow Floridians, whether that is a mom who's being kicked out of her pediatrician's office for vaccine status, or a patient who's being denied a medical procedure because of their vaccine decisions.
It's a matter of right and wrong.
And as a mama, I'm happy to stand up here in front of you and fight.
So God bless you.

[SPEAKER_15]
The first question was why isn't the United States looking in our own backyard for our data?
But they were.
They just weren't telling us what it said.

[SPEAKER_05]
I need to sing this out.
No.
I need this out.
I can't do it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Most of you have never heard of me.

[SPEAKER_03]
I did my part.
I got it.

[SPEAKER_07]
And most likely have never heard of most of us here.

[SPEAKER_03]
I'm scared and sad and hurting too.
I am you and I just want someone to help me too.
Thank you guys.

[SPEAKER_10]
I would like to introduce, I'm proud to introduce
Miss Brienne Dressen.
I don't know where to go.
Her cause of death, the actual cause of death is back on this day.

[SPEAKER_07]
Every single...

[SPEAKER_12]
The worst part was I could not walk.
I couldn't move my arms or legs.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't move.

[SPEAKER_07]
I couldn't move.

[SPEAKER_12]
I can't feel my legs.

[SPEAKER_07]
I can't feel anything.
They're not calling the FDA.
They're calling us.
You know, I don't want to die.
I want to still live for my kids.
Blood clot.

[SPEAKER_08]
In his internal, regular vein.

[SPEAKER_09]
He's weak.
It's his birthday.

[SPEAKER_07]
You know what, better celebrate his birthday.
Why?
It is the responsibility of sick people to do this.
It's beyond me.
I participated in the clinical trial for AstraZeneca.
She participated in the Pfizer COVID vaccine trial.
They dropped me from the trial.
35 adverse events.
Reduced defunctional abdominal pain.
Systemic ache.
I wonder what else was hidden.
The truth is not out there.
and it's thanks to these guys
They've done everything they can to hide people, to hide injustices, and to even literally hide the cries of those people that are suffering.

[SPEAKER_13]
If we try to talk about it on social media, you get banned.
People don't know we even exist.

[SPEAKER_07]
Denise Hertz is on an email string with the heads of the NIH.

[SPEAKER_05]
These are safe and effective products.

[SPEAKER_07]
The CDC.
There is no bad time to get your second shot.
the heads of the FDA.

[SPEAKER_06]
We have very good safety surveillance systems in place.

[SPEAKER_17]
If you look at Bayer's database, there are more than 1000 neurological side effects already reported.

[SPEAKER_06]
None of us are denying that there's potential vaccine entry here.

[SPEAKER_15]
We already have 1200 people who've died.
And that's in about two months of availability.

[SPEAKER_06]
For these mRNA vaccines, there is incredible BS out there, about thousands of people dying, et cetera.
That just ain't true.

[SPEAKER_08]
This stack of patients are patients that are stuck.
There were 50 to 100 reports going missing.
I mean, there's IDs being disappeared.
If they put down that it was a vaccine injury, they actually won't get reimbursed, so it gets labeled as anxiety.

[SPEAKER_01]
Diagnostomy of vertigo, severe panic attack.
Functional neuroelastic disorder.

[SPEAKER_08]
Factitious disorder.
So basically, she was making you up.

[SPEAKER_11]
I was muffled.
I was told I was wrong.
I was told to go home and I was told not to talk.

[SPEAKER_08]
These are human lives.

[SPEAKER_04]
They're just going to stay in limbo forever.

[SPEAKER_11]
There's a whistleblower early on, Brooke Jackson, last year.

[SPEAKER_04]
I contacted the FDA and submitted a formal complaint.
They're unblinding patients.

[SPEAKER_00]
How many studies do you run where you take the placebo group and give them vaccine to?

[SPEAKER_04]
I threatened to go public, no matter what the consequence was.

[SPEAKER_09]
If the government killed my baby, I'm not going to stop this fight.

[SPEAKER_12]
I told my family that I was going to end my life.
I got to look at my son and tell him, honey, I'm going to be okay.
But in my heart, I don't know if I'm going to be okay.
I don't know if I'm going to wake up tomorrow.
I don't know if I'm going to be in a wheelchair the rest of my life.

[SPEAKER_14]
It broke my son to hear that his mom wanted to die.
because she had gotten a COVID vaccine.

[SPEAKER_07]
These are human stories.
These aren't people with political agendas.
If I was an anti-vaxxer, I wouldn't have been standing in the freaking line to get the shot.

[SPEAKER_00]
I squint my daughter back.

[SPEAKER_07]
So this story has everything to be interesting, right?

[SPEAKER_00]
You've got scandal.

[SPEAKER_09]
FEMA had offered me money if I changed my son's death certificate from enlarge heart to COVID.

[SPEAKER_07]
You've got secrets.
The FDA wanted 75 years to release this data.

[SPEAKER_04]
and what the FDA did to me was contact Pfizer and get me fired.

[SPEAKER_06]
We don't have any secrets here.
We've got money.

[SPEAKER_07]
A patent for the Moderna vaccine is owned by the Department of Health and Human Services.
And power.
This is not about freedom or personal choice.
At the base of this story, the very center of this story is love.
I won't sleep until this war is done.
Because without validation, without love, without acceptance, healing cannot happen.
We can't give up.
Let's get you some of your life back, okay?
And we can't give in.
I know that I'm on the other side of the country, but I promise you you're not alone.
So that's what this story is about.
It's about love.
I'm not gonna give up.
And I'm not going to give up on these people.

[SPEAKER_09]
Wow.
That was awesome.
