[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're diving deep into the Yale study, a groundbreaking yet heavily suppressed investigation into the immune system disturbances linked to COVID-19 vaccination with Dr. Ram Yoganra and Dr. Bruce Patterson, the pioneers who first identified these alarming patterns in post-vaccine patients.

[SPEAKER_04]
But we do find that individuals post-vaccine three, four, or five months actually experience the very same or similar set of symptoms
as what we see in in long haulers.
What's very interesting is you can see by the red dots overlaid with the yellow dots of COVID long haulers and the green dots of acutely infected individuals.
You find that the post vaccination patients have a immune profile.
that is very similar to actually COVID long haulers.

[SPEAKER_12]
And then there's another group of patients they had long, they had COVID that symptoms got vaccinated because they were told by, you know, there's a lot of media coverage about a year and a half ago that getting the vaccine was quote unquote going to help you with your long COVID symptoms.
And unfortunately what that ended up doing was people, a lot of people with long sort of post COVID complications ended up getting the vaccine and having massive setbacks.
So we have that group of patients

[SPEAKER_02]
Welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez, and tonight we're diving into a critical conversation about the recent Yale University Listen Study on Post-Vaccination Syndrome, PBS, following COVID-19 vaccination.
Before we begin, I want to emphasize that VSRF is a neutral platform committed to open dialogue.
The discussion in this episode is not intended to serve as a comprehensive analysis of the study, nor should it replace an independent review.
We encourage
All of you to read Yale's official press release and the full study, both of which are available in the chat.
And as always, nothing discussed tonight should be considered medical advice.
If you have health concerns, please consult a trusted healthcare professional.
The views expressed today are those of the speakers and do not necessarily reflect the views of VSRF.
Tonight we're tackling Yale's groundbreaking study on post-vaccination syndrome.
We're joined by two esteemed doctors, Dr. Ram Yogendra and Dr. Bruce Patterson, who identified these same immune system disturbances years ago.
Instead of being heard, they were ridiculed and dismissed as charlatans.
Now Yale's findings confirm what they've been saying all along.
Also joining us are two study participants, DSRF's nurse Angela Wolbrecht and Amanda Damien, who will share their personal experiences navigating their own vaccine injuries within the medical industrial complex.
But first, a little background for those of you who are joining VSRF Live for the first time tonight.
The Vaccine Safety Research Foundation was founded by Steve Kirsch, who spoke out early in the pandemic and took action when others wouldn't.
He created the COVID Early Treatment Fund, raising $6 million to research fluvoxamine as a potential treatment for COVID.
Despite promising results, his efforts were largely ignored by the mainstream medical community.
When the vaccines rolled out, Steve took his shots, but soon after he noticed people in his closed circle experiencing serious health issues immediately.
Immediately after getting the vaccine, as he began investigating further, what he uncovered horrified him.
This led him to take urgent action, founding the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation to uncover the truth, support those affected,
and advocate for transparency in medical research.
He is a relentless warrior in searching for the truth, challenging misinformation, and demanding accountability from those in power.
And with that said, I'm going to bring on VSRF founder, Steve Kersh.
Steve, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you doing this evening?

[SPEAKER_06]
I'm fighting a little back issue.
I was shoveling snow, and I think I got a little too aggressive with the snow.
And the trick is that you want to not torque your back at the same time that you're doing the snow.
So you want to be like straight on with the snow rather than taking the snow and shoveling it to the side, twisting your back while lifting, bad thing.
I've been in pain for the last couple of weeks.

[SPEAKER_02]
If you do get real stiff and need to go during the show, just say so.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'll last about an hour here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hopefully we'll keep you as long as you can stand it.
There's a legend t-shirt.
Awesome.
And because I think we're going to have an outstanding conversation tonight.
There it is.
The legend on the airplane right there.

[SPEAKER_06]
This was what?
Like, did I get like 34 million views on that one?

[SPEAKER_02]
That made big news.
That was when you actually that was pretty cool for the women.
Yeah.
I'm going to play our promotional video, Steve, before we bring on our guests just for some of the people that haven't don't know too much about us.
I'm going to show a little video that explains what VSRF is all about.
Here we come.

[SPEAKER_06]
According to over 12 studies, the vaccines are killing at least 15 people for every person that it might save.
And we're permanently disabling even more.
And for kids, I've seen the risk-benefit analysis.
We will kill 100 kids for every child we might save from COVID.

[SPEAKER_11]
You're describing
pure intellectual inquiry motivated by curiosity and concern, which is great.
But you're also doing this in a context, and the context is the spring of 2021, where you are not allowed to question the vaccine if you want to remain friends with people, if you want to be considered a serious person, if you don't want to be trashed on Wikipedia as you have been.

[SPEAKER_06]
The benefits for being a misinformation spreader, which means you are calling for data transparency and you're just looking for the truth, is that you have lifetime bans on LinkedIn, Medium, Twitter, two lifetime bans, Wikipedia, a strip of national caring award on my Wikipedia page.
The friends abandon you, country club won't take you, corporate boards tell you to shut up or leave, your scientific advisory boards quits and mess, and so on and so forth.
The former head of the Institute of Infectious Diseases is here in San Francisco promoting his new book, On Call.
You know, they found out that 98% of the people who got COVID in Santa Clara County, 98%.

[SPEAKER_09]
And the intensive care units were not vaccinated, about to save millions of lives.
How do you know that?
What, what, what, what, what?
Tell me more.

[SPEAKER_06]
There's evidence of malfeasance at the Santa Clara County Public Health Department
I will be filing a formal written complaint later today asking for an investigation.

[SPEAKER_11]
And so you spend your whole life gathering accolades, going to impressive schools, making a ton of money, being celebrated in the press, and you must know on some level, because you're smart, that if you start talking about this stuff, all of that is over and you're gonna be a thought criminal and people are gonna look at you sideways.
Did you know that?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I had no idea.
I thought that if I told the truth and I let people know about the facts and the data that I had uncovered,
that people would basically say, oh, you're right.
This looks like a big problem.
We need to stop the shots.
And I told my wife after, you know, before I did this, I said, hey, this will be over in like two weeks.
I mean, the data is so clear that this is going to be done in two weeks.
And I'm, we're still at it after all this time.

[SPEAKER_09]
When you're a nurse and you're forced to take it, to put food on the table.
You weren't forced to take it?
Yes, I was.
I was.
To hold my job, yeah, as a nurse.
Nobody tied you down and put a fucking needle in your arm.

[SPEAKER_01]
Angela is the powerhouse nurse for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.

[SPEAKER_13]
What these injured need is number one.
They need to be acknowledged.
They need treatment.

[SPEAKER_02]
Have any of the doctors seen anything like this before?

[SPEAKER_00]
No.
I've had multiple doctors tell me they've never seen this before that it's just a coincidence that it's happening to me now.

[SPEAKER_14]
It's a coincidence that it happened at the same time of the vaccine.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
I've been looking at this data for two years and there is no benefit whatsoever from these COVID vaccines.
In fact, they killed more people than they saved.

[SPEAKER_15]
How are you maintaining your optimism?
What are your next steps and what are your personal fears and what resources do you have to continue to operate at this level when it's likely that the consequences will be quite serious?

[SPEAKER_06]
So what gives me hope is that people are realizing it because they're seeing the death.
25% of Americans know someone who died from the vaccine.
That's never supposed to happen.
That's never happened for any shots in history.
Look, in America, 42% of the people would join a class action against the vaccine companies.
That would be the largest class action in history.
You have to hold these people accountable for their actions.

[SPEAKER_02]
As you just saw, VSRF exists because the truth and transparency matters.
We are here because people like Steve Kerch refused to look the other way and because so many of you refuse to be silent.
Please visit vsrf.org backslash donate or text 53555 and contribute what you can.
Every dollar makes a difference.
Thank you for standing with us and helping us continue this vital work.
And now, Steve, without further ado, I want to bring our special guest on tonight, Dr. Bruce Patterson and Dr. Ram Yoganra.
Welcome to VSRF Live, gentlemen.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
It's our pleasure.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
I want to read your bios for those that don't know about you.
Dr. Bruce Patterson is a renowned physician and researcher with expertise in immunology and infectious diseases.
He is the founder and CEO of Vincelodex.
a biotech company specializing in diagnostics and therapies for chronic diseases.
In cell DX, is that how I say it, Bruce?
Right.
In cell DX, a biotech company specializing in diagnostics and therapies for chronic diseases, including COVID-19, cancer, and autoimmune disorders.
Dr. Patterson gained recognition for his groundbreaking work on long COVID, where he identified immune system disturbances, including T-cell dysfunction and persistent viral activity in affected patients.
His research has been instrumental in uncovering the mechanisms behind post-viral syndromes, particularly in post-vaccination immune dysfunction.
Despite facing pushback from the medical community, Dr. Patterson's work has significantly advanced understanding in this area, positioning him as a leading expert in the study of chronic immune dysfunction and post-viral illnesses.
Dr. Ram Yogendra is a board-certified anesthesiologist with extensive experience in the medical field.
In addition to his clinical work, he has a prominent researcher specializing in immunology and infectious diseases.
Dr. Yogendra alongside Dr. Bruce Patterson has been instrumental in identifying immune system disturbances in patients suffering from post-viral syndromes, including long COVID and post-vaccine injuries.
His research has uncovered critical biological markers and immune dysregulation patterns, shedding light on the mechanisms behind these conditions.
Despite facing challenges and having his findings recognized by the mainstream medical community, Dr. Yogendra's dedication to independent scientific research continues to drive forward the understanding of these complex health issues.
His work aims to improve treatment options and raise awareness about the long term impacts of vaccine related and viral induced immune dysfunctions.
Welcome again, both of you, Dr. Yogendra and Dr. Patterson.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I want to start, if you don't mind, Steve, I want to go back.
Before we get into the Yale study, I want to go all the way back to pre-vaccine COVID times at the very beginning.
And I want to actually start by playing a video from the lead author of the study from back in 2020.
and sort of use that as a departure point for tonight's discussion.
So I'm going to start with this video so that then Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yogendra can share with us their experiences from 2020 and how it matches up with what was being said in this Yale video from way back when.
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_16]
It is thought that it is really the overdrive of the immune response that's leading to the severe cases of COVID-19.
Dr. Iwasaki and her colleagues are trying to decipher the difference between a protective versus a pathologic immune response to COVID-19.
In a normal immune response, what happens is that the immune response kicks in and it starts to recruit cells from the blood known as the white blood cells to clear the virus.
But in certain patients, what we're seeing is that the immune system actually goes into overdrive.
Instead of simply getting rid of the virus, the immune system starts secreting cytokines.
And this is known as the cytokine storm.
And instead of helping the host cope with the infection, the cytokines actually can cause damage to the tissue, such as breaking down protective lining of the lung and the blood vessels.
Right now, we don't understand what kind of immune responses are needed to recover from the infection versus what types are driving the disease itself.
We are seeing elevated cytokine levels in the blood.
in the patients that go on to progressive disease compared to those that recover from the infection.
The other thing we're seeing is that lymphocytes acquire this exhausted phenotype in the patients that go on to progressive disease.
And ultimately, the lymphocyte becomes depleted from the patient.
And that is obviously not a good news because a person becomes immunocompromised at that stage.
So we're trying to understand how these things happen in the COVID-19 patients.
The other outcome we're hoping to also obtain are the insights that are needed for better therapy in patients that are suffering from severe disease.
Ultimately, we want to understand what type of immune response we need to suppress so that the patients actually can recover from severe disease.
Even though
research is showing different aspects of the immune response to the virus.
We still don't have a vaccine or therapeutics that can prevent the spread of the disease.
So social distancing and also washing hands and really keeping a healthy lifestyle so that your immune system is as optimal as it can be.
I know this is difficult for many people because they're under such stress from this COVID-19 outbreak.
but it's really important to keep a self-care.

[SPEAKER_02]
A lot to unpack on that trip down memory lane, and I want to start with getting both Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yogendra's
Um, experience from way back in 2020 and a little bit of background to before 2020 because Bruce, you were talking about how long you've been involved before the show.
And I know Dr. Yogan had a lot of experience.
So take us back and compare some of the stuff that that was being said in that video.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, it was interesting because it really was a trip down memory lane.
And in fact, you know, right around the time.
of that discussion, we had already published that.
I was in China in January 2020.
I saw some of the first data from individuals infected with what we now know as COVID-19.
And it was clear it was an overwhelming innate immune response.
What was described in the video is nothing more than a very vigorous and primordial innate immune response.
That's our only response to pathogens that our bodies have never seen.
that's well before our bodies have this elegant adaptive immune response that is very targeted.
This innate immune response, like we knew that more than anyone else, was this cytokine storm and had very characteristic patterns of inflammation.
And the fact is the goal had to be to temper that.
Because it's true, that type of immunity does some good against emerging infections, but obviously has some damaging aspects to it with cytokines such as TNF-alpha, interleukin-6, which not only cause inflammation, but they cause significant symptoms, including massive fatigue and joint muscle pain.

[SPEAKER_02]
How about you, Dr. Yogendra?
What were you experiencing way back when?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, it's definitely a trip down memory lane.
Probably a lot of us having some PTSD.
I was sort of on the clinical side of things, and I actually had friends of mine, co-workers, colleagues of mine, former residents that I trained with in the ICU with COVID, intubated on pressers.
And that's actually how I ended up getting linked up with Dr. Patterson, because he was kind of one of the pioneers in this space for decades.
And I had some friends of mine said, check out this Bruce Patterson.
He's out there talking about this.
And we sent a couple of emails back and forth and was getting some guidance in terms of management of taking care of my friends in the ICU, which is
Kind of a very surreal experience, but, you know, it was a time when we really didn't know what was going on, right?
I think we.
I think the medical community is, we're just puzzled.
We're throwing everything.
We're hearing these drugs that are working.
There's experimental things that are out there.
People are talking about developing the vaccine.
So there's definitely, being on the front lines, it was, I mean, truthfully, it's scary.
It's scary.
And to see your friends, I've had colleagues of mine that died during that time from COVID, attendings, people I trained with.
Yeah, honestly, just even watching any clips from 2020, I get a little nervous, a little PTSD, and I think most of us that were, whether you're a physician or a nurse or a tech in the front lines, it's definitely an experience I think any of us are going to forget.

[SPEAKER_02]
And Steve, you were funding a study shortly around that time, correct?
When did you start the fluvoxamine study?
What or funding that?
Tell us about your experience back in 2020.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, that was a long time ago.
So fluvoxamine was before the vaccines came out, and we discovered that fluvoxamine was extremely effective in keeping people out of the hospital.
If you gave it in low doses and I counted 60 minutes and of course Facebook, I tried to tell my friends I was in 60 minutes in Facebook, then banned me for a few days for spreading misinformation that I was going to be at 60 minutes.
But it seemed to be remarkably effective at very low doses.
We applied for an EUA at the FDA and they said, well, we don't think there's enough evidence seeing as how you've done it a couple of times now and the results are 100%.
We're still not sure whether the benefits outweigh the risks.
So we're denying your EUA application because the evidence is not there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Meanwhile, I know Dr. Patterson was already treating patients at the time.
This is again before the vaccine.
And how successful were you, Dr. Patterson, in treating COVID patients?
And I think you also mentioned that you were already seeing long COVID patients in 2020.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, definitely.
And we started, obviously, the innate immune system was being driven
by a number of different cytokines.
And one of them that plays a role of, say, a quarterback of the immune system is called RANTES or CCL5.
And it's involved in the CCR5 pathway that tells immune cells where to go.
And like I said, we had clearly identified that this pattern of massive cytokine storm was
monocyte activation, a cell that I had been working on since my HIV days that was underestimated in HIV.
I think it was completely underestimated early on in acute COVID.
The key was to reprogram that cell away from being pro-inflammatory and really preserve and minimize tissue destruction.
The CCR5 antagonists were drugs that that was their job.
And so we started looking into investigating the CCR-5 antagonists early on.
And then by the time we identified patients in our initial acute COVID trial that were 60 days, 90 days out, and their immune systems still weren't back to normal, we then used machine learning and AI at the time before everyone started talking about AI to decipher exactly what, and you showed that in the colored dots, decipher exactly what was
the immunologic signature of long COVID.
So by the summer of 2020, we had already seen that in patients who were not better 90 days after getting acute COVID.
They didn't die.
They were at home, but by no stretch of the imagination was their immune system normal.

[SPEAKER_02]
So the vaccines roll out and you start seeing people with some severe injuries that weren't just COVID injuries, but it was, I don't know if you want to use the word coincidence, but the timing was such that the vaccine started to roll out and you started seeing people with, uh, with some severe symptoms.
Uh, can you, and, and Dr. Yogendra, I know on X, you actually detailed all the work you guys were doing and trying to get your work out there and publish.
Can you take us back?
Uh, to the post vaccine era now, what were you experiencing?
What were you trying to do?
And what resistance were you being met with?

[SPEAKER_12]
I think, you know, just to take one step back before we dive into that.
The papers and the research that Dr. Patterson and I and our team were doing, they were from all that blood work.
We were seeing long COVID because I know there's a lot of discussion about long COVID and the vaccine and just a lot of interesting discussion out there.
I think the important thing is the papers that we put out, we were collecting the blood work from patients who were unvaccinated.
And that was from between, I would say,
It was about June or July of 2020 when we first collected our first long COVID patient until November 2020.
And we had no idea about the vaccine, right?
And Dr. Patterson, I remember having his conversation with him around October of 2020.
Bruce, I don't know if you remember this, but all this data is coming out from the clinical trials of the Pfizer and Moderna.
And I remember asking Dr. Patterson, hey, what do you think about these vaccines?
And he goes, I have concerns.
And this is before even looking at any of the data or anything like that.
And, but again, we were not trying to study the vaccine.
We were really looking at the post COVID and the long COVID issue.
And then when we started really treating and opening up the CCTC, our treatment center, again, our main focus was long COVID.
We opened that up around April of 2021.
And I would say about a month after opening, the long COVID patients we were treating were all getting vaccinated and coming to us now and saying, well, we started to get better on some of the treatments you're putting us on, but we got vaccinated and our symptoms got worse.
And then we started seeing patients saying, I never had COVID.
I got vaccinated.
And three days later, these symptoms that they all told me was supposed to go away, these cognitive issues, tachycardias, dysautonomia, fatigue, post exertional malaise, it's a month now and I'm still suffering.
So I would say probably around April, early May of 2021 is when we started to see these patients in our program.

[SPEAKER_06]
Did any patients actually get better after taking the COVID vaccines?

[SPEAKER_12]
Less than 5%.
I will make this point.
So there were a couple of patient surveys that came out.
And they did ask the patients, you know, who got better from the vaccines and not initially, it was about 10%.
But then if you did any sort of follow up about a month later or two months later, all those patients, most of them, I don't want to say all most of them would say, well, my symptoms came back to baseline.
So that whatever improvement that majority of the patients reported from the vaccine, a couple of weeks later, they were back to their baseline.
So.
I would say about 50%, it did nothing to their long COVID symptoms, about another 30% to 40%.
Their symptoms were so severe after the vaccine, their long COVID symptoms all got worse, that to this day in 2025, Dr. Patterson and I are still dealing with those issues.
You know, it's just something.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what was the evidence that people use to recommend taking the vaccine if you have long COVID?
I mean, this seems like the evidence is completely opposite, that it says that you should not take the vaccine if you have long COVID.

[SPEAKER_04]
Steve, you're absolutely right.
And the fact is, the one blank I'd like to fill in with what Rahm was saying is,
By the end of summer of 2020, we had developed a technique to identify
not only whole genome sequencing of the virus to identify reservoirs of RNA, and also mass spec to identify residual spike protein.
We had started putting the puzzle pieces together that in actuality, the immunosuppression of acute COVID was rampant.
And the retention of S1 spike protein in these white blood cells called monocytes was causing monocytic immune activation and profound production of inflammatory cytokines.
So it wasn't a jump.
For us to then say, well, wow, what does it mean?
Uh, using vaccines are essentially, um, uh, targeting the same protein that we're finding doing all this damage in long COVID.
And in fact,
It helped our hypothesis because it really told the world, you don't need viral replication to cause long COVID symptoms because here we have a vaccine that is essentially spike protein and it's causing the exact same symptoms and has a very, very similar pathology.
So we had already built out the technology to start investigating these individuals who claim they never had
COVID yet we're having the same symptoms as long COVID patients.
And Rom did an amazing job on the clinical side of ruling out that they were ever infected.
I think you should comment on that because we did far more than what was done in the recent study to prove that the patients in our vaccination study never had COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
So if you had a choice, if you were given a choice, the devil gives you a choice.
You have two choices.
You can either get the virus or you can get the vaccine.
Which one do you pick?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, that's a tough choice given that the pathology is very, very similar.
Which one would you personally pick, Bruce?
None of the above.
No, no, no.
Devil's choice.

[SPEAKER_06]
You have to pick one.

[SPEAKER_04]
Being a virologist, I always feel more comfortable dealing with viruses.
The bottom line is we had worked this out with spike and retention of spike and monocytes and all the conditions that that leads to.
And in fact, this cell type is the human garbage can.
And we've just found Borrelia and Lyme in that same garbage can.
we have this mechanism that I think past infections and maybe even aberrant proteins from other sources can be retained in this long-lived monocytic reservoir and continue to cause inflammation well after bugs may be treated.
And it may be also the key to longevity and aging.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, but she didn't answer my question.
I take the virus.
You take the virus, really?
Yeah.
Dr. Yogendra, would you, same answer, or would you take the
Okay, oh, actually the virus, that's the right choice, sorry.
My mistake.
Dr. Yagendra, virus or vaccine?

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, Steve, I, you know, here, Dr. Patterson and I got vaccinated, right?
We, so for the record, we've gotten vaccinated before and neither of us really had any issues.
And that's not to, you know, downplay and gaslight the people that are having issues because we have people on our study.
In the paper that we wrote who had vaccine complications.
So, this is personally affected us.
We've got, we've got friends that have had that.
So, I don't say very, you know, we're not trying to.
You know, what it is, it's a tough question, Steve, and I'll say, here's the reason why.
we need to understand risk factors here, right?
So if someone's coming out and I know you've spoken out about it and many others have physicians and highly qualified people have said, we're having issues with the vaccine.
I see this in my practice, whatnot.
But then there's another group of physicians and researchers out there saying, well, I vaccinated a thousand people and nothing's ever happened, right?
So now it's a clash of this thing going back and forth.
But do you believe that, by the way?

[SPEAKER_06]
1,000 people and nothing happened?

[SPEAKER_12]
You know what, Steve?
There's always selection bias.
That's like me and Bruce saying 70% of the people in our practice are vaccinated, right?
And it's, well, we are actually targeting those patients, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
No, no, no.
But I'm not going.

[SPEAKER_12]
I can't you know what it is that I think there's a lot of a lot of physicians a lot of researchers they're they're blinders on right to this day I've lost friends I've had physician friends of mine that I train with I went to school with that refused to talk to me right because the moment I said hey there's some might be something wrong with some people here it's like they stopped talking to me so so you know but at the same time Steve you know here's the other issue that people are getting the virus multiple times and out on infection number six they're developing long COVID symptoms
So, you know, it's a tough, really, and I'm not trying to like dodge it here.
I don't want to know about them.

[SPEAKER_06]
I'll give you an easier question.
You know, Bruce started by saying that he knew a lot of people who died from COVID.
So my question to you is you're probably going to guess what it is, which is, do you know more people who have died from COVID
or from the COVID vaccine personally.
And a lot of times you won't know because if you die from the COVID vaccine, it seems like it's a heart attack or whatever.
And so unless you look into it, it's hard to know.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's a tough question.
I will tell a personal question, a personal situation, Steve.
So my uncle got vaccinated.
He's a physician, got vaccinated.
and he ended up getting COVID about, I would say about five weeks later.
And I told my entire family, I told my entire family, he's gotten vaccinated because, you know, we are hearing this right from the federal agents, health agencies and all these experts, quote unquote experts.
And I'm telling my entire family, he's going to be okay, because this is what they're telling us, right?
I didn't really do a deep dive into things.
I'm hearing this, I'm studying the long COVID with Bruce and kind of hearing things on the periphery.
He passed away five weeks later and then after the way of a heart attack.
And my cousin called me up.
We've got a physician said, you said that, you know, that this is what the data is showing.
And that's when the light bulb went off.
Like, okay.
So it's, you know, for me, it's affected me personally having that.
So yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
So you're, you're, you're believing the narrative at the time, basically when you said, Hey, that's what they say.
They say he'll be fine.

[SPEAKER_12]
If you didn't do a deep dive into it like yourself, Steve, it's inundating you.
It's in the hospitals, it's in the radio, it's in the magazines.
And if you question the vaccine, you're about to get excommunicated, ostracized, lose your family, have medical boards after you, get death threats.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Well, so I've been doing this for a long time, and I'm in this million dollar bet right now.
And so I've actually uncovered some data sources from, of all places, the US government.
And it shows that the case fatality rate didn't go, if anything, it went up after you got the vaccine.
And if the case fatality rate doesn't drop,
then the only question is, is it protecting you against cases?
And we all know the answer to that is no.
And in fact, there's another database, which is the vaccine rollout database that shows that it wasn't protecting you against infections.
And then we have the big data showing that if you got the booster shots, then you had this incredible peak of cases in Omicron.
And so this is a vaccine which
as far as I can tell actually had no benefit whatsoever because from a mortality point of view, okay, so from a mortality point of view, you're either reducing cases or you're reducing the case fatality rate.
And if you don't do either one, which this vaccine and the US government data actually shows this, and what's interesting is that there isn't any paper
that goes into those primary data sources for uncovering the impact on cases and the impact on case fatality rate.
And because the data is there, it's free from the US government.
It's like 106 million records of people who got COVID and either died or didn't die in 10-year age categories.
And the data is stunning.
There was no effect whatsoever.
And I have never seen anybody write a paper on that because I don't think you're going to be able to get it published.
And so we had the data and I've been doing this for like four, it feels like four years now.
And I don't know, I've been keeping a stopwatch on it, but it's been a while.
Countless hours.
Countless hours.
Countless hours.
And I didn't know about these two databases at all.
until I'm halfway through this million-dollar bet, and I'm like, shit, I need something definitive.
And so I find the motherload.
I found these two government databases that I never knew existed, that nobody writes about, that shows conclusively
that the vaccines had no benefit from a mortality point of view.
This is, or from even, you know, cases as well.
So did you guys know that at all?
Or is this, this is new news to you?

[SPEAKER_04]
And does this surprise you?
It's just a difficult question.
It doesn't surprise me, but I worked with a cardiopathologist on our paper, and the fact is, you never know what they die of.
You're not autopsying every person who dies out there and said, ah, boy, I can.
I can still find spike in the organ that was affected.
It's just not done.
Again, now we're playing catch-up ball with viral variants.
It's like the same question in HIV.
Why isn't there an HIV vaccine?
They've actually proven that they're safe, but they're also ineffective because of the high mutation rate.
Again, we're chasing their rabbit with vaccine technology right now.
All you're getting now really is a bolus of spike protein, which we've shown to be pathologic in some cases.
That's scary.

[SPEAKER_06]
So the short answer is you're not surprised by what I just said.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, nothing surprises me about this virus.
It really doesn't.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to phrase that question slightly differently, Steve, because I was going to save this for later.
The Yale study starts with this sentence, COVID-19 vaccines have prevented millions of COVID-19 deaths.
And we hear that repeatedly everywhere.
How do you prove that?
Is there a study?
Can they just say that because reasons?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, they make the claim because there are papers, such as the Arbell paper, which looked at this big hospital chain and I think it's called
Sqalit in Israel, and it's, there are 850,000 patients.
And they showed that if you, that if you were vaccinated, that you are 10 times less likely to die from COVID than if you were unvaccinated.
And then Tracy Beth Hoag, Vinay Prasad, and Ram Durasetti of Stanford, and the other two were from UCSF, they wrote in to the New England Journal of Medicine, and they said, actually, the Arbel paper is incorrect.
because if you looked at the non-COVID all-cause mortality in the people who chose not to get a vaccine, it was actually 10 times higher.
What they were doing is what was happening is selection bias.
People who got vaccinated were people who wanted to save their life.
People who didn't get vaccinated are people on hospice and or who have other medical conditions that it's like, why am I getting a vaccine?
I'm gonna die anyway.
And in hospice, the goal is to keep you comfortable while you're dying, not to extend your life.
And so,
there are, once you have 98 or 99% of the population that is vaccinated, then that 1% that's remaining can have this extraordinarily different all-cause mortality than the rest of the population, because you're just selecting out a very small sliver of it.
And so they showed this
in this letter, and then the original authors then tried to backpedal unsuccessfully.
And so it shows that you can have this vaccine efficacy of 90%
that once you do the study correctly and you account for the differences in mortality between the cohorts, you will find that the vaccine efficacy was zero, which is exactly what I found when I looked at the case fatality rate before the vaccines were rolled out versus after in the same cohort.
That's the key thing.
You have to look at the entire cohort before the vaccines roll out and then see what happens to the entire cohort after the vaccines roll out.
But what people do is they look at the cohort before and then they divide the cohort into these two groups, one that goes up and the other one goes down.
And that's because you have this selection bias which is causing this.
So people were fooled.
by these papers, which were not well done, stating that, oh, shit, 10 times effectiveness, we would have saved millions of lives with this vaccine.
And it was basically shown
in this key paper that people were relying on because it's from Israel.
And so these guys basically shot it down.
And they said, they're trying to get a follow-up published, but it's been really hard, the guys that shot it down.
And so that's why people believe that these COVID vaccines have saved lives and they never look
at the case fatality rate differences once the vaccines rolled up because it's not there.
Um, and they just don't, they don't even know about the database.
Just like I didn't know about the database.
I just found out about it.
106 million records took me like five minutes to go process all those records for less than that time to process it in a little Python script that wrote.
Do you five minutes?
And I had all the answers real quick.

[SPEAKER_02]
Dr. Patterson and you again, or do you, do you follow that?
Is that, do you agree with what Steve's saying?
As far as that claim and why, where it comes from and how it falls, it is.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, Olivia, I'll, I'll just jump in real quick.
You know, one of the things that I think we, we did in 2021 and what we continue to do is we're really looking at mechanisms here and, and looking at ways to treat these patients.
I personally haven't really.
You know, we didn't comment about prevalence or these numbers in our paper because quite frankly, we just.
We're just a little tiny group, all self-funded.
So we didn't have the resources to do big population or prevalence studies.
So our focus, and we're not trying to dodge the question now by asking, I mean, look, if the data is there and is available, we'd love to see it.
But we are really trying to describe a mechanism here.
and our discussion, our research is more about, okay, there are, let's say, X number of people, a certain percentage of people that are having vaccine complications.
What do we do about it?
Like, we got to get these people better.
I think that's sort of how Dr. Patterson, like our brains are sort of wired that way is kind of going, all right, we found this, what do we do?
What do we, you know, we got to get clinical trials.
We got to, we actually have to
You know, I'm so excited that we have a new administration and with RFK and Dr. Bhattacharya and new leadership that's at least going to say.
Okay, instead of just ignoring it and brushing it under the rug, let's let's do something about it.
So I think that's where at least, you know, our focus has been.
I'll let Dr, I'll let Bruce sort of comment on just what I said.
So me personally, I haven't, I've definitely seen the discussions I've seen Steve and others really talk about this.
And, and quite frankly, you know, we have seen in our practice alone, just between Dr. Patterson and I, we've seen over a thousand vaccine-jured patients.
And
You know i'm not going to say like a percentage but between two doctors if we've seen over a thousand backs patient backs injured patients we have two doctors on our own paper who are backs injured.
You know i yeah i mean the steve i didn't know how many doctors on your paper.
I think we have like 708.
There was one person on our team actually, Brett and Bruce and I said that the first question was why are you guys studying the vaccine?
And I'm, you know, was very, very angry with us.
So we kind of like add all this data, we wrote the paper, we were sending the paper to the NIH and the FDA and not putting it on the preprint server because we were having internal discussions.
And Dr. Bruce and I, our argument was like, we have a moral and ethical obligation as a segment in your initial with Steve talking about it.
Hey, listen, we found something and we wanted to share it with the world, right?
And so,
We still, to this day, get to why are you guys studying this?
Why are you guys looking at this?
And we stumbled upon this.
We're not vaccine researchers, at least not me.
Bruce has got a lot of experience in virology and vaccinology, but we were really focused on long COVID, and we stumbled upon this.
So I like Bruce.
Yeah, good.

[SPEAKER_04]
The bottom line is we found this three years ago and, you know, we've been waiting for somebody to corroborate our findings, which to some extent just happened.
But we haven't been just sitting on our hands over the last three years.
I mean, we found a mechanism.
There may be others, but we certainly found a mechanism that we could start to treat rationally.
And indeed, we have
I'll be treated over a thousand patients.
So, you know, and with a good deal of success.
So, you know, that's where our focus has been until this paper came out.
And obviously, so many of the findings were exactly what we had tried to publish three years ago.

[SPEAKER_06]
Any surprises?
When you saw the paper, was there anything in the paper that you didn't know that you said, oh my gosh, we didn't realize this, we just learned something?

[SPEAKER_04]
Not really, and, but I think.
Ron had such a good point when we spoke earlier today.
About a selection of patients and maybe Ron, you could go into that because.
It's so important, you know, we have patients who come in all the time and say, oh, well, I've never had cobit and I said, well, you're interleukin 6, the sky.
Hi, so is your TNF alpha.
I think he had COVID in the last month, the three months, and so much of it is asymptomatic, but the key is mild or asymptomatic COVID still causes low CDA T cell counts, T cell exhaustion, lack of production of grand's IMA, which we published, which is the magic bullet for
for CDH killing, you know, viral infected cells.
So, you know, there was all this impairment of immune cells, which Iwasaki was talking about in that video, which came out in our first paper in March of 2020.
So I'm not surprised where she got a lot of that.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to jump to another video with her from 2022.
I'm going to share this back into the time machine.

[SPEAKER_03]
Is there a green upon clinical definition for long COVID?
Tell us a little bit about the symptoms and how you kind of classify it now.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right, so there is no universal clinical case definition for long COVID, but the CDC definition says that new and returning or ongoing health problems in people who have at least four or more weeks after the first infection with SARS-CoV-2.
The WHO definition is similar, but they usually say within three months of initial diagnosis,
and symptoms lasting for over two months.
And so slight difference, but overall at least four weeks, if not two months or 12 weeks is used by another agency.
The types of symptoms that are reported is vast.
There are over 200 symptoms being reported for long COVID and that includes things like fatigue, shortness of breath, memory impediments and GI symptoms, many, many.
A different organ systems being involved.

[SPEAKER_02]
So, does that match up with what you guys were seeing at the time?
And I believe at that time, they may been in the early stages of the study that just was published or close to it.

[SPEAKER_04]
And yeah, and I think I think that's a fair description, but I think.
When you think about it, what causes GI symptoms?
Well, immune activation, since 98% of your immune cells line your gut.
Even anxieties caused by 2 cytokines called interleukin 1 beta and TNF alpha.
So, inflammation can cause things that you wouldn't really expect in terms of symptoms like anxiety and depression.
GI issues, shortness of breath.
When I start seeing joint muscle pain and a suspect line, but it's a fair description of the symptoms.
Our counter would be that if you look at many of those symptoms, so many of them, if you go into literature, are basically a result of chronic inflammation.
I think chronic inflammation is the new pandemic.
and I think it applies across all things post-infection and maybe even some of these other foreign proteins that are introduced into the body.

[SPEAKER_02]
Is there a difference between the long COVID patients you're seeing and the ones that are post-vaccine injured?

[SPEAKER_04]
There is, and that's in our paper.
We found an immune signature as you saw in the initial
picture of one of our figures with the red dots versus the yellow dots.
There was differences, but there was clearly some similarities.
For instance, the similarities are the fact that long COVID, long Vax, Lyme, chronic fatigue syndrome all have vascular inflammation because of the propensity of these non-classical monocytes to bind to blood vessels.
It's basically like
a shuttle service to bring inflammatory proteins to the blood vessels and cause vascular inflammation.
However, there was some differences.
We have in machine learning, there's something called a confusion matrix.
It's just a matrix of we had five different clinical conditions, long COVID, long Vax, Lyme, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, and acute COVID.
What it is, it found differences and similarities between all of them.
If there is any overlap, long vacs overlaps with Lyme diagnostically, but the way to distinguish some is the fact that Lyme has very high levels of interference gamma and long vacs does not.
Yes, we can identify who has long COVID versus who has long vacs, who has Lyme.
I think that is absolutely critical in terms of how you treat these individuals.

[SPEAKER_06]
Let me ask you the million-dollar question here, which is, in the Yale study, I think they found spike protein existed like 700 days or so after vaccination.
There are only two ways that that can happen.
One is that the spike protein survives for a very long time, or it's being integrated into the DNA and being re-manufactured.
What is the answer to the million dollar question?

[SPEAKER_04]
I haven't seen any great data that answers it definitively, although I know from our data that spike protein can essentially hang out for a long, long period of time, especially since so many cells get infected during acute infections, so many cells produce spike protein in vaccination that it's not a surprise that
the levels of spike are detectable in plasma as they did, but more importantly than free spike is spike that are in cells that go right to blood vessels, which is what we found.
So I think it's long lived.

[SPEAKER_06]
You think it's long lived.
So is the level then of the spike protein that's detected, does that go down over time then?
Because if it's long lived, then it's going to go down over time.
Whereas if it's reintroduced, it's, it could go up over time or remain stable.
So what happens over time?

[SPEAKER_04]
Good question.
I haven't seen those exact curves.
What we found is that we can eliminate the spike containing monocytes by inducing apoptosis with our drug combination and keeping those cells from binding to blood vessels.
And during apoptosis, which is cell death, you make proteolytic enzymes that presumably digest.
their payload as well as digesting the cellular protein.
So I think that's a way to get rid of the ones that are being carried.
Now, free protein floating around I think is more difficult to clear, but I think ultimately it would get cleared by our normal mechanisms either, most likely renal.

[SPEAKER_06]
So do you have data then looking at it over time, looking at the level of spike protein over time in given individuals?
I mean, that would definitively answer the question.
Like, does it go up, does it go down, or does it remain the same?

[SPEAKER_04]
We do.
But we have it in the monocyte, let's call it the monocyte payload and being carried by white blood cells.
And it stays stable for a long period of time, year, year and a half.
but we can, like I said, we can induce the death of those cells.

[SPEAKER_06]
So that would suggest that it's not being integrated into the DNA because if it was, then you would expect that the levels would increase.
I would think so.
Very interesting.
Learned something new.

[SPEAKER_02]
So I want to bring us into the present, but the, the last video that I want to play from Akiko was recorded on May 4th, 2024.
So they're well into the study at this point.
And they're probably seeing some of the results.
Would that be accurate to say Dr. Patterson and Dr. Uganda?
If she's talking in May, 2024, and it's released just a couple of weeks ago, we would, they would see what's going on with the, these vaccine injured.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, I believe they, yeah, I think they wrote it.
I think in the paper, I think they started in December of 2022 looking at some of the vaccine issues.
So I would assume they were seeing is even, you know, probably the early 2022 and something sparked their interest to really look into this.
So definitely.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
Let me play this video.

[SPEAKER_05]
I think there seems to be some miscues about the risk of long COVID, even as we go along with the continued circulating virus.

[SPEAKER_16]
Right.
So, you know, when you look at the epidemiological evidence of long COVID, clearly in the beginning when we had no vaccines, no antivirals, no real good measure against COVID, the incident of, you know, developing long COVID per infection was higher.
then a current date where we do have vaccines and Omicron may have changed its property significantly.
So if you compare, let's say, the Delta period versus Omicron period, there seems to be a reduced risk per infection of long COVID.
However, Omicron is super infectious.
It's infected millions of people.
And if you look at the total number of people suffering from long COVID, we're not seeing a huge decline there at all.
because of the transmissibility of Omicron.
So I think it's too early for us to say, okay, the rates are declining.
We don't need to worry about it.
Not at all.
I think we still have to be vigilant.
We need to be up to date on vaccines and boosters because those seem to reduce the risk for long COVID.
And whether PACS-Lovid can reduce the rate of long COVID at the acute phase,
you know, for the high risk individual, it seems to be yes.
But for people who are not at, you know, high risk may or may not be very effective.
So, again, we just need to be very cautious.
You know, it's difficult, obviously, to be completely, you know, avoiding virus at this time point.
But I think masking and, you know, anything you can do, vaccination boosters, is going to be helpful.

[SPEAKER_02]
So at this point, they see some of the results and she's still saying you should be boosted up to date on your boosters and even saying masking.
I'm just curious your thoughts on that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Would you guys ever wear a mask?

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, I, um,
I did for a long time.

[SPEAKER_06]
You wore a mask?

[SPEAKER_04]
I did.

[SPEAKER_06]
Bruce, where's the science on that one?

[SPEAKER_04]
Obviously, it's not like I wore a bandana or some of the cloth things that I see all the time.
But anyway, eventually I did away with that.

[SPEAKER_06]
Do you believe they worked?

[SPEAKER_04]
It means to be seen.
I don't know.
And you know, I don't know what data exists that could either prove that they did or they didn't.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, there's been no study that shows that they worked other than that.
Yeah, that's fair.

[SPEAKER_02]
What got me about that clip, though, is that she said something.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, they came out of the blue.
I mean, that like mask had never worked before.
And then all of a sudden, hey, it's the solution.
Yeah, you really have to be suspicious on that one, especially when it comes out.
And there is no study that precipitates that.
It just comes out of the blue.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Although I have to add the caveat because I was growing HIV in the early days, 1990, 1991, 1992.
you know, masks, I think, saved more than a few splatters in my head.

[SPEAKER_06]
Splatters?
Splatters, I'm a believer.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that's another conversation.
If you want to hear my thoughts on the origins of COVID, that's a good story that deserves a cocktail party.

[SPEAKER_06]
Origins of COVID or origins of HIV?
Both.

[SPEAKER_04]
I got great stories on both of them.

[SPEAKER_06]
Can you quickly summarize?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I'm going to say that if I may do a book one of these days, but if you want a good story for a cocktail party, that would be the two of them.

[SPEAKER_02]
Excellent.
I wanted to get back to her continuing to recommend having the study ongoing.
what your thoughts on her recommending being up to date on your boosters.
Full well that there's, she didn't even mention that there's vaccine injured in the study yet in May of 2024.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_12]
It's, you know, it's, it's a, that again, it's a tough question.
It goes back to understanding risk factors, right?
What are the risk factors?
Cause a lot of millions of people have had COVID, but not every one of them, not all of them have,
develop post COVID symptoms.
Why?
You're going to have the argument from physicians, researchers, the medical community.
We've got billions of doses of the vaccines.
We're not seeing anything, but then there are researchers like ourselves and Steve and others that say, I don't know, we're picking this up.
Right.
And then he's saying, well, no, I got vaccinated.
I didn't have any issues.
I mean, Dr. Patterson and I lived in states that it was mandated.
So you lose your job, you lose your license.
They, you know, so we got the vaccine, but nothing happened.
You know, I tested my blood using Bruce's testers to make sure and I'm seeing all of these things and.
Okay, I'm okay, but I think my point is like, we don't know risk factors, right?
Who is someone that's going to develop long COVID?
Who is someone that's going to develop long COVID and get vaccinated and they're going to have significant setbacks, right?
So unless you have that data, it's very hard giving advice.
or giving recommendations.
Because what happens if I tell a patient that has post-COVID, long COVID issues, and I say, go get vaccinated.
And they come back a month later and say, all our symptoms are bad.
We test their blood.
All their cytokines and inflammatory markers are bad.
I mean, they're going to, as a physician, that's just not what we're trying to take care of people.
We want to get you better.
So I think it's a really tough
question.
But at the same time, you've got patients that develop COVID, develop long COVID, we've gotten better through some of the medications that we are studying in clinical trials.
And then they get COVID again, they're back to square one.
Or they get repeated COVID infections.
In infection number seven, they're bedbound.
And you know what, these are not lazy people.
These are very high functioning people.
I'm talking about the long COVID people, right?
For instance, we are treating high-level members of the government, of Congress.
We've treated people in Hollywood.
We've treated ESPN stars.
We've treated very big people that are very wealthy and successful in what they do, and they're not obviously going to make this up.
So for anyone that's saying, well, it's a psychiatric disorder, it's like, I don't think like someone that is under the upper echelon of whatever field of study or sports or whatever they are in is going to be making this up and losing millions and millions of dollars sitting out.
So I think what you know, it's really really
It's a very nuanced response.
And maybe we can't, at least for me, I can't make a very clear cut.
This is what we got to do.
Like I'm seeing with many others, other researchers and physicians out there, because you got to take all of this into consideration.
And it's really tough.
This is why Bruce and I have, you know, we've been very cautious about making very definitive statements.
Don't do this.
So go get vaccinated.
It's a case by case.
Situation I think I'm more cautious about long COVID patients getting severely injured from the vaccine.
Let's just put it that way because I've seen we've seen in our practice a lot of those patients and it's definitely concerning.

[SPEAKER_06]
All right, well, I should show you my data showing that there's no benefit to these vaccines and see how you guys react to it.
But here's my question for you.
You've treated people who are Hollywood stars, you've treated people who are in Congress.
Will any of those people that you have treated go out publicly and say, hey, these COVID vaccines did this to me?
Do they know it in private?
and refuse to say it in public?
Or are there any that are actually speaking out about, hey, this happened to me.
I want to let the world know about it.
Because a lot of people who are vaccine injured just keep their mouth shut about it because they don't want to lose followers.
They don't want to lose fans.
They don't want to be ostracized by their peers.
What are you seeing in terms of your patients who are celebrity status in terms of what they know themselves is going on versus what their public persona will say to the public?
You don't, don't give me any names, of course, because you can't.

[SPEAKER_04]
But I'll say, I mean, the group that Ram's talking about is mostly lung COVID people.
I think, you know, one of the guests on the show is, is a perfect example of somebody who went through our program and is, is here to tell about it.
And, you know, I think it's important to gather as many of those perspectives as possible.
And I suspect
You know, from this, from the show that some of the patients have gone through our program of the.
Like mom said, I think it's easily 1000.
We'll, we'll speak up and say, you know, this is what I went through.
I went through hell and back to Ram's point.
You know, these are people every telemedicine appointment starts out with, you know.
I was a marathon runner or I did triathlons or I'm a very, and absolutely.
And then there's people who have lost their jobs and can't afford telemedicine that we see anyway and try and help out.
So it affects all walks of life.
And I think it's important to hear the perspective from everybody.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, but you haven't addressed my question, which is members of Congress suffering from long COVID.
Do they know it was the vaccine that did it?
And do they speak out publicly about it or they keep their mouth shut?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, like I said, the people that Ram mentioned are ones that have pure long COVID.
So, but, you know, like I said, we've treated any number of
Bax injured patients, but I don't think any of them are in that status.

[SPEAKER_12]
Steve, I see on a weekly basis, Steve, I see long COVID and Bax injured patients.
in the coming for procedures in the operating room.
Bruce and I just put out a, we just put out a paper, it's in peer review, where we're putting anesthesia, perioperative guidelines on managing these patients, right?
And here's the thing, both cohorts of patients refuse to talk about it.
So I will look at, so we use an EMR, most of the hospitals in the United States, we use EPIC, which is a monopoly, but that's a whole different discussion.
And on the bottom, where they'll have the nursing assessment, they'll have POTS and dysautonomias and fatigue.
And nothing about the vaccine, nothing about long COVID, nothing, right?
And so I'll see that for me, there'll be a red light, a bulb go off in my head.
I go, okay, let me dig into this.
And I'll start digging and digging and digging.
And I have a patient that, I mean, my residents and I were writing a case report on this patient for a national conference.
she's vaccine injured, she's a 22 year old vaccine injured patient, and we had to dig through about 15 minutes, and then her mom who's a retired physician is sitting there in the corner and she goes, hey, you're the guy I've seen you before.
I mean, this is a little tiny hospital, right?
And it just, it made me realize that
There are millions of people probably like this young girl who's been messed up from the vaccine that are not speaking up.
And this family didn't want to say anything because, you know, they're just going to get dismissed.
And they're going to say, you're an anti-vax.
You are, you know, all these other terms.
And they're worried about the care that they're going to get.
And the mom gave me the biggest hug.
She goes, I'm so blessed that I actually have a doctor that is recognizing, you know, these vaccine issues.
At the same time, I'm also seeing long COVID patients coming in unvaccinated, got COVID, and they don't want to say a word, right?
And then I start using terms like post-COVID that this happened after COVID, and suddenly it's like the floodgates open.
It's like, you know, I've just been overwhelmed in the past six to 12 months by what I've seen in the hospital.
that I realized that, hey, this is really something that we need to be vocal about.
The other concern that I have is that in our medical societies, and this is something I'm working with a lot of my academic friends and my resident team,
is that the treatment to this day, you go to any conference, medical society conference, they'll talk about long COVID and they'll say the treatment is to get vaccinated.
I'm not joking, Steve.
I went to one of a big anesthesia conference last year and I was mortified.
And my friend my friend devon jeffers who's also in the paper who's had backs issues he's coming to me going can you believe this this is the recommendations and i said we need to do something about this we need to get all our medical societies.
Because the problem, Steve, what I see is, it's not a problem.
I love what you're doing with prevalence and numbers.
That's really important from a community and a public health and knowing what's going on.
But there are people right now that are suffering.
That's great.
I'm also so grateful that the Yale people, kudos to them for even attempting to study this and corroborating what we found.
I can only imagine the attacks that they're getting.
But end of the day, we got to get these people better.
We got to have management.
How do we manage these patients?
They're coming to the operating room.
They're coming to see their internist, and they're going, you know, it's like a chart, we'll say vaccine injured, or a lot of times they don't even want to write that, but it'll say long COVID.
And that's it.
They're kicked to the curb.
We got millions and millions of people.
So
That, I think, is the main discussion that we need to be having.
And Steve, I love what you're doing.
And I'm not trying to downplay any of the prevalence.
And I'm 100% will support you in that.
But I feel like we've got so many people that I'm seeing the hospital, that I'm having to manage.
And I'm looking around.
I'm looking at the surgeon.
I'm looking at the other anesthesiologists.
And they're going, oh, we don't really know what to do here.
The patients got some weird blood pressure issues now.
And they got some weird heart rate issues.
And the patient's, you know, here's the funny thing.
We actually have patients that got tested for Bruce's lab, and they'll come to the hospital with these labs going, hey, do you know anything about it?
And they'll, you talk to Bruce Patterson as like, he's my partner.
And they're like, yeah, so yeah, we got spike proteins after vaccination.
We got spike proteins after COVID.
And the other problem is, Steve, is that we're 2025, it's very difficult studying the vaccine now.
The window period was between when we were studying it in 2021 and we were screaming on the top of the mountain that there's something wrong with these vaccines and we need some help, right?
So when we did all the data, we emailed everything to the FDA and NIH.
crickets wrote an email with my Bruce our cell phone our email and said hey and there were some other patient advocates that took all our data to them nothing right because in 21 in 21 we had a little window period where we knew there was a lot of people that didn't have COVID got vaccine injured right the problem with now when you're studying it is everyone's gotten COVID so the argument that's going to come from the medical establishment is
It's going to say, well, and this is the criticism that's coming at Dr. Wasaki in the Yale group.
How do you know it's not the virus?
And to downplay the vaccine injured.
So I think it's a battle that these battles are going to continue happening.
And 100% we're going to support Steve in doing this.
I think we're going to take a step back and say, let's get these people better today.
Let's run clinical trials.
Here's the pathway.
This is what we got to do to get these people better.
And I feel like that's really a conversation that we've recently really, really want to push out there.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yep.
I don't view this as an either or I think it's a both and.

[SPEAKER_12]
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, on that note, I actually want to bring on two people who were part of the study and both Vax injured one.
And I believe you both treat you treated them and one early successfully and one who still struggles.
And I'm going to bring on nurse Angela Wolbrecht and Amanda Damien.
Welcome to VSRF live.
Okay, I'm going to step out.
My back is killing me.
I'm going to see if I can.

[SPEAKER_06]
Okay, Steve, thank you for something.
I'll be back in like five minutes or so.
Yeah, we'll be back.

[SPEAKER_02]
We'll still be here.
So come on over when you're feeling a little better.
All right.
Let me read your bios before we get going here with both of you.
Nurse Angela Wolbrecht, who is a dedicated registered nurse and the director of outreach and education for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
She was a participant in both Dr. Patterson's study and the Yale study.
Angela has first-hand experience with the challenges of navigating long-term health complications following COVID-19 vaccination.
Angela's personal and professional journey has led her to become a vocal advocate for those suffering from vaccine-related health issues.
Her unique perspective as both a healthcare provider and a patient allows her to bridge the gap between medical understanding and lived experience, offering valuable insights into the realities of post-vaccine syndrome.
Through her participation in the Yale study, she continues to push for greater awareness and better treatment options for those impacted by this condition.
And then I also want to welcome back Amanda Damian, who is an event director who produced Defeat the Mandates, COVID litigation conferences, and Rescue the Republic rallies.
She has worked tirelessly for organizations that advocate for medical freedom and the right to make informed health decisions while battling her own ongoing vaccine injury.
She was a participant in both Dr. Patterson's study and the Yale study on post-vaccination syndrome.
and has been vocal about her ongoing struggles and vaccine injuries.
Welcome to VSRF Live, both of you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Olivia.

[SPEAKER_02]
God, I just realized I'm not on the screen, so let me put myself in there.
Here I am.
So, following up on Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yogendra wanting to focus on treatment, can you walk us through, we'll start with Angela, your encounter with the vaccine briefly and then meeting Dr. Patterson and how you were treated.
Oh, you're muted, Angela.

[SPEAKER_14]
Hi, sorry.
So yeah, I was that patient of theirs that called them with, you know, I'm a fit, healthy nurse.
I'm a dancer.
I perform.
And I was terrified because I had never been unwell in my life.
And these two doctors were the first ones that listened to me that were there.
They were by my side.
I mean, they probably thought I was crazy because I would call them
You know, 10 times a day, and they were the two guys that talked to me off the ledge.
I don't know how many times.
And when they took my blood and discovered that I, so backtrack, I get the vaccine January 19th of 2021, have an immediate reaction that is recognized, taken away by ambulance, go on my way to the ER, and I had six 911 calls.
And fortunately, because I was in the medical field and was so valued and loved by all these doctors in the hospitals where I worked, they knew right away that I was vaccine injured.
So I had immediate care.
They were all trying to figure it out.
Nobody could figure it out, but they were willing to help me.
And then come along Dr. Bruce Patterson and Dr. Yoh.
And.
they went out on a limb and they said, you know, we believe you and we're going to test your blood and we're going to do this study because we want to help you.
And they're both highly qualified, you know, physicians.
Dr. Patterson has been through four pandemics in his life, as he said, back in the HIV days.
And Dr. Yogendra is just an amazing anesthesiologist and caring and compassionate doctor.
So when they came back,
And I'll never forget, they came back and they said, Angela, we wanna let you know that we found 21% of your non-classical monocytes filled with this mutant S1 as well as S2.
It was devastating, but they were the ones that said, you know what, we're gonna treat you, we're gonna help you and we're not gonna give up on you.
And I felt a little bit crazy at the time, but here I am running to the pharmacy and I'm going to pick up
you know, Maravarok and a low-dose statin.
And I get to the pharmacy and the pharmacist is like, well, this medication is several thousand dollars.
You don't have HIV.
You know, they won't cover it.
And I'm like the crazy patient buying this so-called HIV drug.
So I was on that for about two and a half months.
And Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yo then retested my labs and it went down to zero.
And I was just so grateful and fortunate that
They believed me and they took this on and took on these patients and really studied us.
And I'm lucky that I got treated really aggressively and really early because as everybody knows, I'm back to being a nurse full time, helping patients traveling the country.
I'm actually leaving to LA tomorrow.
I'm back to dancing again.
And I was just so lucky and so grateful and so grateful as well for Yale to
to also take us on and do the studies and let the world know that, yeah, this is a problem and we need to get to the bottom of it.
So for both of these sets of researchers, I'm forever blessed and grateful.
And Dr. Patterson and Yo were those first ones.
And honestly, you guys, if it wasn't for you, I don't know if I would have survived being vaccine injured.
You guys gave me hope.
I don't know how many times I called you, am I gonna live?
Am I gonna live?
And I think Dr. Yo said one day, he's like, no, you're not gonna be,
You know, you are going to die Angela and he's like well eventually, but you guys were the guys that that really kept me going and I and I really wish that people would have listened to you back then I wish that
the CDC and the NIH and the FDA would have really listened to you and put money behind because you guys did this with your own money.
I mean, this, this was not, you didn't get any money for this.
You didn't, um, you weren't there looking for fame.
You just wanted to help people.
And so much time has passed that I've lost, you know, friends of mine to assisted suicide in Switzerland.
I have patients are continually getting sicker and,
Um, and I think now that Yale has also identified this and, um, you know, corroborated your guys's story of the scientific findings.
I really am hopeful that we can go forward that we can get treatment that, you know, I'm looking forward to.
Yale continuing the research, I'm looking for it, and I'm playing with Senator Kennedy to get you guys funded so that you can continue to do what actually needs to be done.
As you said, Dr. Yale, what needs to be done right now is actually figuring out how to get these people better.
And the problem is, is we've had four years of people living with chronic vascular inflammation.
As we know, it causes permanent damage.
So the time is right now to actually do this and get this done.
So thank you guys so much.
And I can't tell you how many people have been reaching out to me.
I mean, the messages, let me just read a couple, but you guys are just heroes.
You really are.
You went out on a limb in the beginning when it really cost you.
It cost you financially.
It costed you.
You know, like as you said with your peers, and you were just shut down left and right, and you weren't anti-vaxxers, you weren't Republicans, Democrats, you just wanted to tell the truth.
But let me just tell you guys a couple of the things that people are saying out there when they found out that you were coming back onto the show.
I had a friend who said, hey there, I just saw you guys hosting Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yeo.
If you get a chance to talk to Dr. Yeo before or after, will you please let him know that the nurse from California says hello?
I was their first injured blood sample back in February, 2021.
I will never forget mailing it with my cool packs and Styrofoam box.
Dr. Yo gave me so much hope for healing and believed my symptoms when we started chatting in January.
That was a vaccine injured patient.
And then a long COVID patient said, um, posted, you know, things are moving so quickly.
I'm proud to say this gentleman in the center, which is Dr. Bruce was my long COVID doctor.
I was,
in the first treatment group ever to be treated by him and his team.
He and his team actually pioneered what is currently being heralded as a Yale study, exciting and eye-opening times we are in.
So thank you, thank you guys so much.
And, you know, I'm so blessed and grateful and I owe my recovery to you guys.
I owe the fact that I'm doing what I'm doing and helping others to you.
And I'm so excited for what Yale has in store and what you guys are going to continue doing.

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, thank you.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.
And I hope I wasn't, I hope I wasn't too crazy back then, but I know, I know I was a difficult one to manage because it was really scary times.
Definitely scary.
And, you know, Amanda, who's here with us too, she was, she, she can tell her story, but she was one of your patients too.
And, you know, unfortunately, because this wasn't a recognized thing back then, she couldn't do the treatment.
She couldn't pay thousands of dollars to,
to get Maravarok and get statins and do all the things.
I did IV vitamin C, I did ozone, I did fasting, I did all sorts of things, antihistamines to calm down my mast cell symptoms.
But I think it's really unfortunate that so much time has gone by when people were really, really in bad shape.
And I'm proud of Yale for being the university.
to go out and put themselves out there like this, because it's not easy.
You guys went through it.
I don't know, Livio, do you have any of the slides where they were just getting denied?
I mean, they had this paper out, and it was like constant.
I think we blacked out.
to keep the confidential.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'll find those.
But I want to bring Amanda into the fold because you're a success story, Angela.
And Amanda has been struggling mightily.
I've seen it up close firsthand.
And it's just one of the most tragic stories of this whole COVID experience.
And Amanda, can you tell us your experience, what happened, and what you've been struggling and dealing with?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, thanks.
You know, just hearing this story and kind of reliving back to those days gets me kind of emotional.
I remember being very, very sick in bed.
I actually was completely paralyzed.
I couldn't move my arms or legs at all for many months and.
I remember I would want to get the iPad just to see and follow what Dr. Yo was posting in the Facebook groups because it was the hope that I, the only hope I had.
You know, and I sent my blood several times, I've had my blood run multiple times and I'd pack it up and just pray like maybe this will find something and I would take it to my doctor.
And this was before their clinic had opened.
And I'd take them this report and my physician would be like, what am I supposed to do with this?
They had no concept of all of these different monocytes and cytokine.
I mean, they were so clueless as to what to do with us.
And so I really appreciate you guys for really...
So quickly putting together a clinic that could help us in some way and unfortunately at the time I was going through a lot of a lot of things and a lot of medical challenges that cost a lot of money and I was not able to afford the Morava rock.
I even had the patient discount card, which brought the price down to $1400 for a 30 day supply.
And it just wasn't within reach.
And so I didn't get to try that.
And.
You know, here I am, uh, March 11th is going to be my four year anniversary.
So if you do the quick math on that, it's something like 1400 something days.
Um, so I appreciate Yale's paper of 700 and something days that we're having problems.
It's, it's actually double that because I have actually been on a steep decline in the last few months and.
You know, Angela and I were just on a phone call with my neurologist today and one of the treatments I used to help with my POT symptoms was actually to get IV fluid, something very simple, saline fluid, just put in my arm and I'd get a liter once a week.
Well, the last two weeks in a row I've gone and just getting a leader of ceiling has actually caused me to go into multiple seizure episodes and my I'm leaking into the I'm having third spacing issues and I I can't even tolerate a leader of fluids now.
So something that helped me two years ago is now actually hurting me because I have so much damage to you know the the blood vessels and the lining of my veins and so you know
Even to this day, I can tell you that getting treatment is extremely difficult.
There are very limited doctors that know what to do about this.
And if a patient wants to explore, you know, Dr. Yoyu had mentioned, we've got to do something now.
You know, one of the things I'm so tired of them running tests and biopsies and poking me and prodding me and telling me I have all these diagnoses.
But what I don't hear is,
Here's what we're going to try.
Here's what we're going to do.
We're going to do a right to try or we're going to try this.
None of that is happening.
And so we, that's what we need in the injured community right now.
We need a depository of information where doctors who they may not know.
I have a hematologist.
I, you know, we had to show a couple of weeks ago about the blood clots.
And after the show, I sent my pictures of these giant clots in my blood to Dr. McKerrin and Kevin McKernan, and they confirmed.
They're like, that's exactly it.
That's the exact profile.
What you're seeing on that slide is these fibrous clots.
I took that to my hematologist, and I said, I have scientific proof under a microscope that I have these problems.
And they basically wrote me back and said,
I don't know what to tell you case closed mark the message as resolved and never to be heard of again and so nobody knows what to do so you know maybe there's a place where we can have.
a place where doctors can educate themselves, or at least as a patient direct a doctor to say, hey, go here, look at this evidence.
A one-stop shop where doctors can learn about this, because I do think some of them are wanting to learn.
They just don't know who to trust now.
It's been four years.
We've got so much damage.
When I was a participant in your study, I never had COVID.
I never got COVID until last year, three years later.
So now all these participants are mixed up, you know, some of that COVID once, twice, three, five times, who knows, right?
So we have a mixed bag of trying to figure this out, but I think what would bring more hope, there's so much depression and lack of hope in our community right now.
Every day I go online and I see people that are just, they don't want to live anymore.
And I can't say that,
I don't understand how that feels because I do.
And I don't feel that way right now, but we need some resurgence of hope and we need some treatment options.
And I'm really hoping that with the attention of this Yale study, with the attention of your paper that you put out three years ago, you guys knew this three years ago.
Maybe, just maybe we can make some progress into some treatment options for some people.

[SPEAKER_14]
If Bobby Kennedy could do one thing for us, what would you, what Dr. Patterson and Dr. Yeo, what would that be?
What would it look like for the vaccine and you're going forward that you would like to do to try and figure this out and get these people better?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think for us, what's been the only thing standing in our way has always been funding.
We're constantly raising money.
Me going out and raising money is not the best use of my time since I do understand this disease.
I understand the underlying pathology, but we've self-funded this entire operation for four years and it gets exhausting.
I would love to offer Amanda
Absolutely.
And we will, of course, we will help you for free.
But it's exhausting.
And the good news is we have our clinical trials going to start probably a year in the spring for long COVID.
And the beauty of that is we're already working on reimbursement so that our goal is that this drug combination, which is effective,
or will show hopefully that it's effective, will be $20 or $30 copay.
The pricing has come down over the years.
When we first started four years ago, it was a fortune.
I think it's now, you can get it for $300, $400, $500, but a month.
But, you know,
Online is that that's still for people have multiple issues.
That's still a lot of money and we more than anyone else, we would love to see this be cheaper.
We, you know, but our hands are tied until we get through this trial and we, you know, we have to keep raising money to get through this trial.
So, you know, that that's where we are.

[SPEAKER_14]
Is that the title of Arizona?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes.
Angela, sorry, sorry, go ahead.
No, no, no.
Ask the question to Bruce.
I was just going to say that you said, you know, if you could ask, um, about a Kennedy, you know, like if we could pass a message to him, first of all, Amanda, absolutely reach out to us.
You know, the one thing that a lot of people don't know is the amount of, you know, Bruce and I have done a lot of.
We don't talk about it.
We always tell the patients, don't tell anyone.
But we always set aside our personal money that we learned from our clinic.
It's a very nominal fee so that we can keep our lights on and pay our nurses.
We've tested and treated a lot of people.
We've literally written a check for someone to go get meds.
You know, here's a couple of thousand dollars from my own bank account from, you know, from our practice, go get whatever meds you want, theater free testing, right?
I mean, we just are not able to do, we just don't have the resources to do that.
So we had funding.
We're watching money just get spent left and right on observational studies, on surveys, on these nonprofits out there that are quite frankly,
I'll be honest, they're not doing anything.
They're just saying we're going to be advocates and we're going to go to all these meetings and we're going to get on social media and we're going to have this giant following.
Are you getting anyone better today?
Here's the thing.
At the end of the day, we still have scientific principles we need to follow.
One of them is well-designed randomized control placebo double-blinded control studies.
That is the gold standard.
If you don't do it, everyone's going to say, first and I,
We and our team have got the FDA.
to approve a phase three study on a 505-2B pathway that's on a pathway to get an approved drug if this long COVID study is successful.
Like it's not an observational study.
So any money that's invested into the University of Arizona and into our study is then, you know, if it's successful and we're very confident is in six months by the end of the year, we'll have the first approved medication for long COVID.
We can apply the same trial for the vaccine injured.
We can start that tomorrow at the University of Arizona and we can have the data.
We can work through the FDA.
So this is what I would tell body Kennedy, Dr. Botticharia, anyone else in the Trump administration, we know the pathway to get something through the FDA.
We work when we did a protocol, we work with former FDA directors.
We worked with former FDA lawyers.
It wasn't Bruce and I sitting in our, you know, in our desks in our homes and just writing this protocol.
It took us nine months.
We involved the best and the brightest.
We wrote this well-designed clinical trial.
So all I'm going to say is that there are other researchers, other doctors out there call us.
We will help you because we're not, we are here to collaborate, not to compete with anyone.
And that's what the message we need to get for both groups of patients for the vaccine and long COVID.
I always call them cousins of each other because they're the same symptoms, same protein, same vasculopathies and endothelialitis.
So there's these arguments on social media.
There are these people going.
Well, that's injured.
It's all long COVID.
Long COVID is all that's injured.
Screw that.
Let's stop having those conversations.
We are all in this together.
Let's look at these two pathologies like cousins.
We know the pathway on how to get things through the approval process.
We will help anyone.
And that's the message we want to get out.
We want to get people better today.
So I'm sorry I had to jump in on that, but it's just so important for us to really talk about
therapies, not saying, okay, go take these white, you know, I can white label a supplement and sell you that.
Okay, that's great.
I'm not gonna, you know, that's nothing wrong with that.
But to get medical acceptance, to go to a clinic, to go to our doctors, their scientific principles, we've got to follow.
We're doing it.
We want to apply to the vaccine to your patients, and we need collaboration.
And so that's my plea to Bobby Kennedy, everyone in the Trump administration to please help us with this.

[SPEAKER_14]
We will give him a call.
As we know, Steve, we're good friends of his, and he truly cares about the vaccine injured, and it's what we need to do.
It's what we need to do, and going forward, they need to be studied, researched, and treatment needs to begin immediately.
Speaking of that, Dr. Yeo, you and I have chatted about if they want to really look at the prevalence of these vaccine injuries, where do you recommend
you know, HHS to look.
I love your story, like your experience of when you were traveling abroad, right?
It's an incredible and devastating story.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, so I don't know if you guys have a clip of that email that this Air Force servicemen sent me.
So I'm overseas, I'm gonna trip-advise a food tasting tour and there are 10 guys coming in and I'm going, oh my god, you know, this is gonna be a bunch of
This is wild times here.
Turns out they were all in the Air Force.
I'm not going to say what country I was in.
I'm not going to say anything else about, you know, kind of what squadron or anything, but let's just put it this way.
Top Gun, one of the top Air Force pilots and his entire team there, his entire squadron.
And so he asked me, what do I do?
I said, I'm an anesthesiologist, but I also do research with Bruce Patterson.
We're looking at long COVID.
And he goes, oh, that's great.
And he comes up to me, whispers in my ear and goes, hey, you know anything about the vaccine jerk?
I'm overseas, but first thing in my mind is like, oh my god, you know, as the NSA and the CIA, you know, are they, am I being followed?
Am I on some sort of list?
Right?
Because, you know, Bruce and I, we got, we've gotten debt threats.
We've gotten, you know, we've had people come after us in ways I can't even begin to tell you, just for looking at this.
And so I'm always like, you know, I go overseas.
I'm really.
Yeah, and so there's, here's this top like Air Force.
He's telling me what's what he does and that the US government's invested like four or five million dollars into his training.
And he starts telling me a story and he's, he's vaccinated.
And he tells me, you know, he got vaccinated and immediately started having cardiac complications, went to the hospital, they rent some routine tests, had myocarditis.
They put him on, yeah, I think he was on the NSAIDs and culture scene for a couple of weeks.
Quote, quote, got better, at least from an EKG perspective, but you're still having symptoms pressure in his chest.
He's having chest pains.
Instead of about three months after his first dose of the vaccine, which was interesting, he said on his chart after the first dose, and he had this reaction.
On this military chart said, do not vaccinate.
He showed me a copy and he had it on his phone.
He said, do not vaccinate.
So this is in his medical records there.
And three months after his first dose, he's having enormous chest pain and I guess maybe being in the military.
He called himself a me dad for doing this but he was running on a treadmill to try to just kind of let me fight through this and he kind of confessed to me that was probably the dumbest thing he had done.
But he had crushing chest pain collapsed at home called his commanding officer said go to the emergency room.
When they went to the emergency room, I think he ended up having an echo, which showed some myocardial dysfunction.
He's a young, you know, he's top gun.
I mean, this guy is the healthiest, you know, fit individual.
He's the early 30s.
He's got, they do an echo.
He's got significant myocardial contractility issues.
hyperglobal hypokinesis and left ventricle.
He's got, they do a cardiac cat.
And basically the report is you're having multiple heart attacks.
You've been having these, what he described, there was many heart attacks for several weeks.
He's lost his wings for a couple of months, he's recovered.
And the thing that he told me, which was he said, there are other people in my squadron who are also vaccinated.
And I go, oh my god.
And he goes, he had started to fly.
And he said that the DOD wanted him to testify in front of Congress.
And he just didn't want to talk about it.
They're really scared about losing their benefits.
They've got families and wives and kids.
And they're just worried about what's going to happen to their careers.
They lose their wings.
They lose all of that.
Then he shows me message boards, military message boards.
A vaccine and I was like, oh my God, I, you know, if anyone thinks I'm making this up, you know, that's fine.
I would just tell them, you know, Bruce and I, we have seen.
military backs injured in our program.
I don't think mostly army first like army.
I think we spoke to a couple of army docs.
They were seeing quite a bit of backs injured, especially the my carditis and the pericarditis.
But I was blown away having an Air Force servicemen top.
But like I said, I'm so close to saying what kind of plane he flies.
But that was an eye opening.

[SPEAKER_14]
How many others did he, how many other friends or how many other people in a squadron were injured?

[SPEAKER_12]
He didn't tell me an exact number, but he said, he said pretty much everyone in his squadron and in other squadrons were vaccinated.
And your question about where do we study?
See, one of the really tough things right now is in 2025, studying the vaccines, right?
Because it's a mishmash now with COVID and vaccine and what is what.
And no one's really looking at what is causing this.
I personally think if Bobby Kennedy and Secretary of Defense Hexett were to look at medical records in 2021,
and do an audit on the procedures, because I don't know if they can go through individual charts and pull everything out.
It can be a long tedious process.
But every hospital, right, what we do is we always keep a log and a record of procedures, whether you had an echo or you have a cardiac cat.
It is absolutely unusual for a young healthy person to have a cardiac cat without having symptoms.
So they could look to see who's had a cat report, who's had a cardiac cat in that year, who's had an echo in that year, and they can dive into this and they can make some sort of, you know, depending on that and what information they can get, we might be able to have an insight into the prevalence into some of these vaccine issues.
Again, there are some caveats to that.
When you're talking about military, we're talking about, you know, very healthy, mostly young patients.
So it might be very difficult to make food abroad, a general population, sort of, you know, prevalence, you know, for anything with prevalence.
But if you look at the vaccine injured the core heart.
Our study showed 72% female, 28% male.
The Pfizer, there was an FOIA that came out about two years ago.
Some people sued and got this information of the 48,000 patients.
their study showed about 30% male, 70% women, so kind of aligned with us.
And we were usually like our cohort, I would say about 41 or 42 years old, so young and mostly healthy fit.
So it might be representative, the military might be representative of sort of the back syndrome too, from that perspective.
But I would tell Bobby Kennedy, I would tell, you know, Secretary of Defense Hex said, Hey guys, you know what, maybe we really need to look at it.
And
Again, I'm not privy to all of that information.
There was one service member that I personally met who showed me everything on his phone.
But Bruce and I, we've met other military, you know, and have worked with them.
But I don't know what we'll find.
I don't want to make any sort of speculation here, but I think it'll be interesting study that we get, let's say, the new heads of the CDC, Dr. Buttichari at the NIH.
Let's just look at this.
Let's just get that information.
Let's not be scared.
Let's look.
So when the next pandemic comes or next
medication or vaccine people want to roll out.
We're going to understand the risk factors here because we still to this day don't don't have risk factors.
So that's that would be my that would be my approach.

[SPEAKER_14]
Unbelievable how many how many young, healthy people and that's that's what I see.
Just young, healthy people that were at the prime of their life and this affected so.
And I do have to thank you both too, because I can't tell you how many patients you guys are taking care of that were in just such despair, didn't have money, they've been sick for so long, and you just pick up the phone and call them.
We just had one a couple of weeks ago.
I called Dr. Patterson, I said, Dr. Patterson, this is a really dire situation, like I need your help.
And you guys are always the first ones to say, I'm happy to help.
And I thank you so much.
I mean, you really, really are heroes in this.
You guys will go down as heroes in this awful thing that happened to millions of people.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to make a little clarification.
I was notified of a comment that we were bashing Akiko Iwasaki.
Our goal in showing those videos is not to bash.
We're very appreciative of the study.
I'm very appreciative of the study and I think it's important for it to get out there.
However, I wanted to show a historical context and that they are finding vaccine injury and
I think we should use this as a building block to, as you guys, these gentlemen are talking about getting more funding.
And I'm curious as to you weren't getting funding for your, for your tests that you were doing, they did.
And also their trial size was only 42.
Why do you think it was so small?
Maybe, Angela, you could speak to that because you were part of the study, but what, why such a small sample size?
And also, how do we build on that?
And I think we answered some of that with the administration, but I'm hoping that Yale will continue to build on that and maybe start to give us some informed consent about these mRNA injections.

[SPEAKER_04]
And I just want to jump in before Angela speaks and agree with you, Livio.
I think the Yale study had to be done.
It was excellent.
I think the concepts presented in that study
were exactly what we were driving at.
There's an immune signature, there's T-cell exhaustion, there's symptoms that are very similar to long COVID, and there's bike floating around.
I think in essence, we're on the same page.
It just so happens that we put it out three years ago and it was ignored.
I'm in Europe right now.
And even in the Daily Mail, they're talking about the Yale study.
And some of that is a little bit frustrating.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And you guys were cited in the study.
When did you first become aware of it?
Did you know about it while it was happening or when it came out?
And what did they cite of yours?
Can we go through that a little bit?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I mean, in terms of citations, I think, I think it was, it was very, very appropriate.
And I think it was, it was well integrated with their findings.
And as we've said all along, it was very corroborative.
And so.
you know, we thank them for that.
I think we're, they're fighting the same battle that we're fighting, which is to get, to actually get our pre-prints out, you know, in hard copy, in publications.
And, you know, we wish them luck because we know what we've gone through.
And again, ours is being reviewed as well.
So, you know, we'll see what happens.
But, you know, we wish them luck.

[SPEAKER_02]
Have they contacted you to maybe join forces in the future or to work together?

[SPEAKER_04]
No.
And I remember, you know, again, I've lived through the politics of AIDS research in the, in the early nineties and, um,
It came through that and what we used to do when there was some topics or some controversial topics is you, you wrote companion papers, meaning you both wrote your papers, you cited each other and you sent them to the same journal.
Right?
That was a way of getting, you know, of collaborating and getting the information out all at once.
And, you know, and basically saying, hey, it's coming from two different sources, two different labs are confirming each other.
That's how we used to do it in the HIV days.
And unfortunately, that wasn't for one reason or another, an option.
here because we would have gladly done that.
I think that we would have been an important way to get the information out.

[SPEAKER_14]
I think hopefully what we can show is that we never make this mistake again in history where we silence doctors.
I'm so grateful that Yale has been brave enough to do what you guys did and they were brave enough to come forward with us.
I hope down the road that doctors like you that come forward with studies, people need to talk about it as uncomfortable as it is.
Medicine should never be involved with politics.
And it's really difficult when universities are funded by big pharma.
So I give all the credit to Yale for being brave and doing that.
But I hope going forward that when doctors like you who come up with a study, who find a signal, you guys are not political people, you're not anti-vaxxers,
that you're taken seriously.
Like you've had meetings, you've sent this out, the FDA, the CDC, like everybody knew about this.
You guys gave it in presentations to universities.
I don't know if you had personal meetings with the CDC and the FDA, but I know that I, when I spoke with them at various times, like I notified them of what was going on and in the future, hopefully we don't make this mistake again, where we waste years and years with people suffering
And all it takes is a few brave people like you guys and Yale coming forward, how they believe these vaccine injured that complained of all these symptoms.
And instead of written them off as having anxiety or having functional neurological disorder, we could have done so much in these last four years.
And it doesn't mean that we're not going to stop.
And I really hope that you guys get fully funded and you can continue the work because you're
You both are geniuses and you figured it out really fast, really early on.
It didn't take you very long.
I mean, you figured out the long COVID really early on and I know personal people that you really tremendously helped and got their lives back.
They're living their lives and you gave me back my life as well.
So we need to listen to really bright doctors like you who have been in this for a long time and studying these things.

[SPEAKER_12]
Angela, you bring up, I want to make one more point, because first of all, we are absolutely thrilled about Yale.
In science, it's all about having your colleagues and researchers, and they're highly respected.
Um, you know, anyone suggesting or insinuating their, you know, their attacks and we've seen stuff on social media.
It's dumb.
Uh, you know, we have the utmost respect for them.
And I think, you know, that hopefully it's, it's mutual.
But one of the things that when we put our paper out and we were sending this out, the criticism.
what we got back was it's not peer reviewed, right?
So even to this day, we'll get some of them see that paper was not peer reviewed.
And I think the Yale group is undergoing that right now, people are attacking them, going, it's not peer reviewed.
We went through the process, right?
We did not come out and make these claims and suddenly, you know, tell all these crazy things and then back it up.
We had a study, we had a paper, wrote it, we put it together again, like we talked about all completely self-funded out of our own pockets.
submitted to peer review, and most of the top journals refuse to peer review it.
If you go on my Twitter, I posted this the entire timeline.
I got the receipts within
Sometimes within a day, I would get a rejection will not look low priority.
I think I sent you some of those email.
This is a low priority study.
We're not interested.
We're sorry.
We cannot offer you peer review.
So if you can't even get the paper into peer review.
It's like the whole system is broken.
I know Bobby Kennedy's talked about, listen, we got to really look at the medical journals.
The journals that did accept the paper for peer review would write back to Bruce and I six months later and say, we can't find anyone to peer review the paper.
This is highly unusual.
Like even to this day, we're still having that
having that issue that, you know, the paper is right now in peer review.
And why isn't it out?
Why don't we have a decision?
Because they cannot find a peer reviewer.
No one wants to put their name and maybe they're worried about their reputation and whatnot.
So now you have all these preprint papers, the medical community is saying, well, it's not published, it's not, get it in the journal.
But here's the other caveat to that.
We could get it into one of these predatory journals with a negative impact factor where five people and their mom reads these things and say, oh, we got it peer reviewed.
But what's the point of that?
That's just more about our egos and our social media following.
Our goal, Bruce and I, from day one has been to get people better, to get awareness here.
So when we targeted the top journals, and at least even some of the mid-tier journals to get this into peer review,
So that would be greater acceptance.
There would be greater like acknowledgement that these things are taking place so that we could get resources to help these people.
So that is the conundrum right now, right?
So got to get it peer reviewed, but sorry, we're not going to peer review because everyone's kind of stuck in neutral.
So I think that's just something that we need to address.

[SPEAKER_14]
The same problem with Yale.
They're having a hard time getting it peer reviewed.
Can you guys peer review each other's paper?

[SPEAKER_04]
That was my point with companion papers.
that would have been something that would have been done back in the HIV days.
And yeah, absolutely you can.
And who better than people who have actually done the work?
Because for instance, trying to find peer review for people for our work and probably for Yale's as well right now when they don't understand it.
Um, is is difficult.
Um, but that was the whole purpose of companion papers back in the day and it was done all the time.
And, um, like I said, uh, it's unfortunate.
We, we didn't have the opportunity to do that.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah, one of the questions that several people have asked, um, amongst our friends is.
the testing for this S1 between what Yale did and what you guys did.
I believe they used just something called the Spear Test to look for this spike protein.
Is it the same difference similar to what you guys looked at back in the day?

[SPEAKER_04]
They're different.
There's free spike protein floating around in plasma, low levels, and so they have to use a very sensitive assay, which they did.
Whereas we're looking at first spike protein in the non classical monocytes.
They're very, very different.
In fact, in terms from a pathogenesis standpoint, the chances of a free floating.
protein finding a receptor are very, very small.
So I don't know what the implications of free spike are other than theoretical.
It's going to find ACE2 receptor and do its thing.
As opposed to having spike protein in a monocyte that its sole purpose is to track to a blood vessel and cause inflammation.
So it's almost like there's a shuttle bus
taking these inflamed cells to a blood vessel, and they may or even may or may not contain spike, but certainly when they contain spike, it's delivering spike to blood vessels and then these cells go in through the blood vessels.
But the fact is, you know, they're different, but the spike that's being scavenged by
These monocytes is obviously coming from somewhere and that presumably could be in blood.

[SPEAKER_02]
I want to get to some audience questions that they're lined up here.
So let me jump into the first one.
John Bowdoin Sr. asks, thank you for the question, John.
Do you believe that the thrombocytopenia is occurring not because a person is not making enough platelets, but rather because the hematopeic
He, thank you so much for sounding it out.
Stem cells are dysregulated and differentiated into non classical monocytes, which then get differentiated into aberrant macrophages.
that eat up all platelets instead of just the sunset ones, senescent ones.
Deep question.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's a whole lot of question and would require probably bone marrow biopsies, which no one really likes to do.
A lot of times there's autoimmune thrombocytopenias, and I suspect that either it's
you know, sequestration or autoimmune thrombocytopenia of one type or another.
But there are hematopoietic changes, post infection, clearly.
And those are some of the causes.
The interesting thing is CCR5 antagonists, Moravarac, that we use.
Lymphocytopenia, which is low lymphocytes, which almost all long COVID patients have and long RACS patients have,
is a CCR5 dependent pathway.
So when you actually block the receptor with Moravarac, the lymphocytes, the CD4 counts, the CD8 counts, which they published, we published, go up.
So that's one of the positive things of using our drug combination is the response of the lymphocyte subsets.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you for answering that complex question.
Question from Lisa.
Dr. Yo, you note how important it is to understand risk factors for vaccine injury.
True.
But do you also think that there were manufacturing problems with the COVID vaccines since a small percentage of lots were associated with very high rates of adverse reactions while the majority of lots produced almost none?

[SPEAKER_12]
That's a great question.
I think there's been people that are been looking at batches.
Um, we actually have in our study, um, I have an Excel spreadsheet, you know, one of the things that Bruce and I, you know, studied as a vaccine, we wanted to, uh, we were very meticulous in how we screened the patients and we were very meticulous in.
Because we're talking about, obviously, a very sensitive issue back in 2021, right?
So I have batch numbers and I have seen some data on potentially bad batches.
Not all of the batches that we studied with the backs injured align with it, but there are definitely some batches that are on this list.
I don't know if it's a verified list, but I think some patient advocates have sent me some lists with batch numbers.
So I do think there is some plausibility to that theory there.
I have definitely aligned that with our data.
And I've seen it, but at the same time, there are patients that we'd studied that their batch numbers were not on this list.
But again, it doesn't mean that I'm going to throw that possibility out.
The interesting thing in our, and Bruce can probably talk about this a little bit more.
In our vaccine paper, we did protein sequencing.
And not only did we find the S1, but we also found mutant S1.
So if you guys want to go see that, that preprint.
And I think that's sort of one of the, you know, there was some, there were some additional things that Yale people did.
And there's some things that they didn't really do that we did.
And this is one of them.
We actually sequenced the protein.
And we found the mutant S1.
And we found it in all four of the vaccines, AstraZeneca, Johnson, Johnson, Moderna, and Pfizer.
I let Bruce talk about it.
We still don't know if that is pathologic or not.
This is why we were begging the FDA and NIH and sending our paper up.
Like, hey, we found this.
We have your blood like Brian at the lab, Bruce's tech.
I said, save the blood.
you know, just in case we can get this over to the government, the federal agency, so they can kind of do a deep dive into this.
But obviously, we didn't, you know, we didn't hear back from any of them.
But Bruce, if you want to maybe talk a little bit about that and about the protein findings, because I think that might align with the question that Lisa just asked.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, no, it's a great question.
The issue is we don't have an answer because obviously it's all about funding.
You know what?
You got to
do what you have to do, our sole goal has been getting the sites ready for a clinical trial.
And, you know, a lot of the things that we want to do on the R&D level have been put on hold until we can get this drug trial going.
So, you know, like I said, like Ram alluded to, we've been doing everything by the book.
We've been publishing as fast as we I've never written so much in my entire life.
We've submitted our diagnostic for breakthrough designation to the FDA.
We submitted our trial protocol, which was approved in 28 days to proceed.
So, FDA said we're clear to proceed with our trial of Moravrak and Statins, which we're very excited about.
But for us, it's always been a struggle with
resources, personnel, et cetera to do all these things at the same time.
And, you know, at the end of the day, it's been remarkable what we've been able to do with a small team.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, it has.
Question from Hope is good.
To what extent do you think long vaccine or PBS is publicly being attributed to long COVID?
The US federal government has invested $1.857 billion to studying long COVID to date.
Got to verify those numbers, but sounds good.
More dollars from private funding as well.
The medical community is clearly much more comfortable discussing and studying long COVID and not vaccine injury.
So how much long COVID is really vaccine injury?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, that question has been out in the media for a few days now and I answered it.
The bottom line is we were seeing long COVID before a vaccine never hit
hit the streets summer 2020 which was well before the vaccines came out so it's a real entity you know from from my standpoint I don't like the lump Epstein bar or herpes chronic herpes viral infection reactivation into long COVID nor do I like Lyme to be in long COVID now I'm telling you
We have diagnosed so much Lyme with our ability to distinguish between long COVID Lyme.
It's almost a pandemic in of itself, but I don't see how anybody can call anybody long COVID without checking for Lyme or reactivation and reactivation chronic herpes virus just for everyone out there.
You need to do DNA PCR.
The serology only tells you what was there in the past.
And so those are important distinctions to make.
So, yeah, long COVID was around well before the vaccines industry, but I mean, I do believe obviously we found a similar mechanism in both.

[SPEAKER_12]
Olivia, to jump on what Bruce just mentioned, and I agree 100%, you know, the long COVID space, and I've been a big, you know, I've been sort of shouting this now for the past couple months, you cannot study long COVID without acknowledging the vaccine.
I'm sorry, it goes hand in hand to say that one, and you can't study long, long, long backs or vaccine injuries and not acknowledge long COVID.
They're cousins.
And my frustration with a lot of these long COVID initiatives and groups out there is that there's an NIH recovery trial.
They got $1.6 billion to study long COVID.
And to this date, we have no
clinical trials on a phase three clinical trial pathway.
They're doing observational studies and surveys.
I mean, just ask Angela or ask Amanda, do you guys care about surveys on your symptoms like four years later?
No, none of the patients do.
What are we using this money for?
We've given money to people's nonprofits and all these little groups coming in so that they can go to DC and start talking about advocacy while the real patients are suffering.
So this money needs to be going into trials and research.
We have to acknowledge you cannot study long COVID without acknowledging vaccine injured.
You can't study vaccine injured without acknowledging long COVID.
And so you're seeing this like argument from two groups.
And what we're trying to say is no, they're
their cousins, we all need to work together, stop getting into these political battles and politicizing this.
Vaccine injury is not a right-wing issue.
Long COVID is not a left-wing issue.
We have worked with Republican, the most MAGA, government officials with long COVID.
We've also worked with Democrats, hardcore progressives, vaccine injured.
So it's a, we got to take politics out of this.
And that, I think that's the point that, that Bruce and I trying to say collaborate.
Let's just get some help us with some funding here.

[SPEAKER_02]
Fantastic response.
Dr. Yo, I 100,000% agree with that question from sunny ways.
Are you finding low iron levels in Vax injured slash long COVID friends have many Vax's and boosters and now seem to continue to have extremely low iron.
They can't seem to get up to normal.

[SPEAKER_04]
To question something we really haven't looked at.
And, you know, again, it could go back to the matter.
Issue following chronic inflammation.
And, and yes, it's going to be affected and probably iron utilization is going to be affected, but we haven't looked at that in particular.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Question from Green PJs.
Where to go to get competent blood work done to find out for one's self if any damage?
Don't trust any allopathic MD anymore.

[SPEAKER_04]
Any thoughts on where to get blood work done?
It's a good question because what kind of blood work if you want blood work that's related to
Um, you know, to chronic inflammation.
I mean, that's, that's something, you know, we do, but routine blood work, which in a JAMA paper about eight months ago showed that there's no routine blood work.
either singly or in combination that is indicative of long COVID.
And of course, since we said they're related, that would go for long back.
So routine blood work isn't going to cut it.
But we can certainly recommend where to get the appropriate blood work.

[SPEAKER_14]
Dr. Patterson, where can people, I have questions blowing up my phone as well.
Where can people,
get their S1 tested as well as cytokine panel.
And what would you recommend for people that are still a vaccine injured that might want to check it?
Where can they go?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so that's Radiance Laboratories in Chicago, Illinois.
They run both our cytokine profile panel and our S1 and monocytes test.

[SPEAKER_14]
So, where do patients need to sign up on a certain site to order that or what's the process like?

[SPEAKER_04]
So, they can either order it through covidlonghaulers.com or there's a new site.
I believe defeat long COVID that has a ways to order the testing.

[UNKNOWN]
Great.

[SPEAKER_14]
Anybody need any help to feel free to contact me.
Norsangela at vacsafety.org and I can help.
Get it started for for the people that need help.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to ask one more from Carol.
What is the med protocol to remove spike?
Or is there one?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so our combination of Moravarac and statins, usually atorvastatin or prevastatin.
We have some data that we're writing up right now that shows that we can eliminate those spike teeming cells by eight weeks with statistical significance, but that paper is in the works with our extreme amount of free time.
I'm just kidding.

[SPEAKER_14]
I'm happy to show mine, Levy.
I don't know if you have my laps, but I had.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, wait, I think you did share those with me.
Didn't you?
Let me see if I can call them up real quick here.

[SPEAKER_14]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
And if you then you can help explain how to read.

[SPEAKER_04]
You know, we probably should get into that.
I don't know.
I don't know if that means anything.
Yeah.
Well, let me see.
Anyway, if you want more information on that, then what I would do is go to covidlonghaulers.com.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
Well, thank you all of you so much for giving us so much of your time and insight and God, it's been an honor having you here this evening.
I appreciate, you know, all the work you are all doing.
All three of you and Amanda being here and obviously Steve who's laying in bed.
healing is back as best as he can.
Any parting words, Dr. Patterson, and where can you remind people where they can find your work?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, of course, I mean, we've published in major journals, but I think a great repository is covidlonghaulers.com.
And there's a new site, defeatlongcovid.com, where there are great resources there.
And of course, YouTube, where there's, you know, if they search my name, you can find some of our conference talks and also other podcasts.

[SPEAKER_02]
Great.
And Dr. Yo, any final parting thoughts and where people can find you and your work?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, that's the same website as Dr. Patterson mentioned.
I would say this, our goal is to get people better.
We're not going to stop fighting for the truth, just look for real science to do the clinical trials.
We beg anyone in government, whether even private funding, if they can help us.
This is not a trial that we're doing in our backyard.
It's with the University of Arizona.
We have everything lined up.
We just need just a little assistance so you can always reach out to Dr. Patterson and I and for other researchers out there in this space, we are happy.
We want to, we are begging to collaborate to share what we know and to help with guidance in terms of how we work with the FDA and to collaborate to get more medications.
and more things out there for these patients.
End of the day, we are just focused on getting patients and people better.
So yeah, please reach out to us.
We are happy to talk to anyone that is willing to advance the cause and the research.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
And again, I want to reiterate our goal is to bring awareness to the vaccine injured and anything that comes out that has a study that will help them and then treatments, then we're going to support that.
And we support what Yale's been doing and the work they've been doing and hope they continue to do along with Dr. Bruce Patterson and Dr. Ram Yogendra.
Thank you very much, gentlemen, for being here.
Thank you.
And thanks so much.
And thank you, Angela, as well for being here tonight.
Appreciate you so much and all the work that you do as well.

[SPEAKER_14]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Thank you.
All right.
Hang in there.
I got a couple of announcements and I got a fun closing video tonight.
And as we close out, I want to remind everyone that we are a 501C3 nonprofit organization and everything we do from hosting weekly webinars and producing educational content to providing a platform for truth.
depends entirely on your generous support.
And I'm going to share where you can donate on the screen here in one second.
Here we go.
And we have been fighting an uphill battle against censorship, corruption, and a system that too often ignores those who are suffering.
But we refuse to be silenced.
We are here to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the narrative, and push for real medical transparency.
So if you believe in this mission, if you believe in the right to inform consent, medical freedom, and ethical, unbiased science, I ask that you stand with us today.
Every donation, no matter the size, fuels our work and keeps this movement alive.
Visit VSRF.org backslash donate to contribute or text VSRF to 53-555.
And together we can make a real difference.
And thank you for everyone who does support us this evening.
Also next week, join us again next week.
We will be back.
We will have the amazing Dr. Christiane Northrup joining us for a powerful conversation on women's health.
in the current environment.
Dr. Northrop has been a trailblazer in the field, empowering women with knowledge and challenging the medical status quo.
You won't want to miss next week's episode.
So definitely come back and mark your calendars.
We will be here on both Rumble and X.
And lastly,
We're going to close out with a couple of clips that I put together from Woody Harrelson this past week.
He had a really good conversation with Joe Rogan and then a second clip that he put out on social media as well.
And I think he talks about being skeptical about COVID vaccines.
So again, thank you all for joining us tonight.
Hope you stay safe, healthy, and well.
and that you come back and join us again next week.
And I'll close out again with this little Woody Harrelson video montage.
Have a good night and a good weekend.

[SPEAKER_17]
Everything that everybody said about whether it was a lab leak, whether the vaccine had side effects, whether it was pushed, whether they lied about the studies and distorted the information, everything was true.
All of it.
including Yale just released some study about people producing spike protein 700 plus days after the injections, which is never thought to be the case when they gave them to these people in the first place, a host of different
serious problems that people are having because these that everyone's covering up and people are lying about and everyone's trying to obfuscate and doctors are trying to sweep things under the rug because they don't want to be in trouble for mandating these things and telling people to get these things it's horrible well i mean i agree with you and uh... yeah if we go back to the allowing

[SPEAKER_07]
You know, I just feel like to mandate was crazy.
That to me is fascistic behavior.
If you mandate that I have to take this thing, that if you take it, you're protected.
Well, if I take it, wouldn't that my... That should be my prerogative.
I either want to be protected or don't want to be protected.
Or maybe I am like I am, which is the last two entities on earth I would trust with my health would be big pharma and big government.
Those would be the last two I would look to.
How much big pharma is done to just...
just push it through that they know is bad for you that they know harms you and in this case they know what's happened they know and and all we're left with after the what was it 86 that they mandated that you couldn't sue the vaccine company
And so, since then, we've only been left with VARs, right?
Yeah, VARs, yeah.
The government, VARs, the government website.
And there we have millions of people who fought through the Red Tavern and the bureaucratic whatever just to, just to anonymously be known that they were injured.

[SPEAKER_17]
Yeah.
Yes.
it was weird watching so many people that i thought were intelligent stand up for the government and for the the pharmaceutical industry and but it's not weird if you think of how

[SPEAKER_07]
I mean, it was ubiquitous.
It never stopped.
The mainstream press was just harping on it constantly.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_17]
Constantly.

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_08]
As a left-leaning hippie Texan, maybe it is in my nature to be somewhat rebellious, but I can't help but wonder, in spite of all of the criticism by the Kennedy Jr. received for
encouraging us to be somewhat skeptical about these rushed COVID vaccines, what if he was right?

[SPEAKER_09]
you
