[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, thanks.

[SPEAKER_03]
and counterfeit girls, making counterfeit love in a counterfeit world.
Counterfeit news are the actual fools who believe and obey all the counterfeit rules.
Who's got the power?
Who's got control?
Who's talking the truth?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
You're right.
Who's got the power?
Who's got control?
You're not live on rumble.
It's a long way back when we feel all the real is gone.
It's a long way back when we feel all the real is gone.
But who's got the power?
Who's got control?
We've got the power.
We got counterfeit guides for our counterfeit faith Counterfeit here for the counterfeit slaves Counterfeit cash been on actual crap It's a genuine steal and it don't actually last
Who's got the power?
Who's got control?
Who's talking truth?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who cuts the deals?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?

[UNKNOWN]
Who writes the script?

[SPEAKER_03]
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who writes the script?

[UNKNOWN]
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?

[SPEAKER_03]
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's in the shadows?
Who writes the script?
Does anybody know who's
It's a counterfeit world It's a counterfeit world It's a counterfeit world

[SPEAKER_10]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we explore one of the most urgent and underreported topics of our time, the impacts of the spike protein on fertility.
From OBGYN clinical insights to breakthrough research, our expert panel brings vital new evidence to light.

[SPEAKER_09]
My miscarriage rate went up by 100% and I presented my data to members of Congress last November.
But secondly, the study on which I'm one of the authors.
37 adverse events were looked at in pregnancy, one of which being miscarriage.
We looked at 40 months of using the COVID injections and compared that to all influenza vaccines provided dating back to 1990.
And for example, if you look at miscarriage rate, the statistics we used that were definitely significant showed that you're at 114 increase risk of having a miscarriage if you take a COVID vaccine as opposed to an influenza vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hello, and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez, and thank you for spending your Thursday evening with us.
Tonight, we're shining a light on one of the most urgent and underreported issues of our time, the impact of the spike protein, particularly from the COVID-19 vaccines on fertility.
This is a topic that touches every generation.
We're honored to be joined by several key members of the Advanced Biological Research Group.
a dedicated team of physicians, biomedical scientists, and infectious disease researchers committed to investigating the biological consequences of novel pathogens and their treatments.
Our extraordinary guests include Kirsten Cosgrove, co-founder and vice president of ABRG.
Kirsten is a passionate certified clinical research associate with over 20 years of experience in clinical trials, safety, and study coordination.
She also brings a powerful voice as a patient advocate and mother, committed to transparency and informed consent in research and public health.
Dr. Kimberly Biss, a board certified OBGYN with over 20 years of experience in women's health.
Dr. Biss has been at the forefront of identifying changes in fertility and pregnancy outcomes since the vaccine rollout.
We'll also have Dr. Dan McDyer, an OBGYN with more than 30 years of clinical experience.
Dr. McDyer is also a dedicated researcher exploring how the spike protein may be impacting conception rates, menstrual health, and hormonal cycles at the cellular level.
We'll also have back Dr. Ryan Cole, board certified pathologist and founder of Cole Diagnostics.
Dr. Cole brings over two decades of expertise in laboratory medicine.
He has been outspoken about what he's observing under the microscope, particularly the spike protein's potential to disrupt endocrine and reproductive health.
And then later in the show, we'll share a pre-recorded interview with Dr. Tomas First, an applied mathematician and data scientist from the Czech Republic.
Dr. First's groundbreaking statistical analysis has revealed a significant drop in conception rates following the vaccine rollout in his country, a trend that is now capturing international attention.
But before we dive into tonight's panel, I want to bring back on from teachers for choice, Michael Cain, to talk about the upcoming rally next Wednesday, May 14th in Albany, New York.
Welcome back to VSRF Live, Michael.
Always great to have you with us.
Thanks so much for having me tonight, Livio.
It's good to be here.
So you guys are going back.
How many times have you rallied up in Albany?
Which number is this?

[SPEAKER_08]
We've been going to Albany for years and years.
This looks like the sixth year that if we're successful again, we will beat down any legislation that's against medical freedom that we have focused on.
And one of the good things is usually we're going up there fighting bad bills and we have two bad bills.
We are definitely fighting now.
But we have a slate of bills called the human rights agenda that we are also pushing.
So it's May 14th, Wednesday, we're calling this one restore and reclaim our jobs, our exemptions, our rights.
We have an all star lineup, Mary Holland, Naomi Wolf, myself, John Gilmour, Shannon Joy, Bobby and Cox and so many more are going to be joining us.
It'll be outside the Capitol Wednesday, May 14th.
We start at 10 a.m. And then we're gonna be lobbying inside, lobbying against the bills that we need to beat and lobbying for the human rights agenda.
Right here it shows five bills.
The first one is Let Us Work Act.
Re-hire, reinstate all fired on vaccinated New York City workers.
The second bill is to restore the religious exemption for kids to go to school that was taken from us in 2019.
The third one's an important one, the Education for All Act.
New York effectively has no medical exemption for kids to attend school while we have it in name.
They are literally revoking them from medically fragile kids, kicking medically fragile kids out of school in New York.
We need to fix that.
Then the last two are interesting, require a parent to be present.
When an immunization is given to a minor, that just sounds like duh.
That just sounds like I can't believe we even need a law for that.
But in New York, we do.
And the last one is to allow people injured by mandated vaccines to sue the government that mandated that vaccine.
on them, a novel way to get around the federal ban on suing the manufacturers.
So those are the bills that we're putting out to restore our rights.
And the two that we're working against is a bill.
One is a minor consent bill that would allow minors to consent to any
STD related vaccine.
Parents wouldn't know.
Parents didn't have to consent.
We need to beat that one down.
And the other one is Orwellian Lee called the RFKJR Act.
This one is sponsored by Brad Hoyleman, a man who has never met a vaccine he didn't love and want to force inject into everybody.
He stole Bobby's name, used it as an acronym,
And this isn't a mandatory adult vaccine database bill that would make it mandatory.
Any adult that got a vaccine, this would mandatorily put that into the database.
Now, this isn't about those who get the vaccines.
It's about those who don't get them.
That's what it's really about.
Because once they have a
a centralized database that has all the information, they can start punishing the unvaccinated, start denying you access to employment, access to society, access to school.
So again, May 14th, next Wednesday, we got an all-star lineup.
We also got the spirit drummers coming out.
Livio, I think you've seen the spirit drummers before.
Yeah, yeah, this isn't this isn't doom and gloom at all.
We party and we celebrate and we have a great time as we do this.
So anybody in New York live, you I think you might be making this.
I hope to see you.
Hope to see you up there next week, too.

[SPEAKER_10]
I'm planning to be there unless something comes up.
But I'm definitely planning to be there as I was saying.
backstage before it's always great to be around like-minded people where you can speak freely.
I was curious, what kind of success have you guys had in the past and are there any friendly legislators up there that have basically adopted your cause?

[SPEAKER_08]
Yeah, we've had a lot of success.
Last year, we faced what my partner John Gilmore called the worst child health bill ever.
And that was a bill that would would allow minors to consent to any medical procedure without parental knowledge or consent, surgery, vaccine, psychotropic medication.
We beat that one down hard.
It didn't come back.
in this session, because even the deep blue Democrats in Albany realized that that one was definitely not popular and was dead in the water.
And we do have friends up there.
But basically, unfortunately, there's a lot of partisanship up there.
The Republicans almost uniformly 100%.
stand behind us.
But we do have some Democrat allies as well, too.
Jamie Williams is one of them, a Democrat from Brooklyn.
She's sponsoring the Let Us Work Act to bring us back to our jobs.
And also we have Senator Martinez, who's also a Democrat.
And the Education for All Act that would restore the medical exemption is a Democrat bill.
That means the sponsor in the Assembly is Democrat, the sponsor in the Senate.
That's a bill that could really pass.
Because since we have a super majority of Democrats, all the bills must be proposed by Democrats.
So it's a long way from where we once were.
We don't have enough Democrat support, but we are getting more and more every day.
And it is definitely much better than we faced in the dark, cold days of COVID, in the Defeat the Mandate Days, Livio, when this family all kind of found each other and came together.
I definitely think we've turned a corner, and I definitely think we are on the offense now, definitely nationally and even on the state level.
I'm seeing great signs.

[SPEAKER_10]
Fantastic.
I was catching up with Matt Conner, firefighter, New York City firefighter, gentleman extraordinaire.
He was telling me that there's still firefighters and teachers and police that have not gotten their jobs back or any sort of nothing.
What's the status of those people?
Yeah, I'm one of them.
I'm one of them.

[SPEAKER_08]
I had a lawsuit.
I had a lawsuit that actually won.
The judge looked me in my eyes, said, your religious exemption is accepted.
Go back to work.
I went back and they said, no, the city appealed.
You can't come in.
So when they appeal, that process defers to the state, not to the victor.
The state gets it.
So I am on appeal now for, man, a year and a half, and it could still be a long time ahead of us.
Yeah, there's thousands of people that want to be back to their job, but they wanted to make a sign, a legal waiver.
That they did nothing wrong.
We get our jobs back, but we can't sue them.
Unfortunately, Livio, some people had to do that.
I've met more and more homeless people here in New York City, a firefighter who I still can't name him because he's still so ashamed.
He was sleeping in the woods.
for a while in Staten Island.
He is homeless today, bravest for choice and teachers for choice.
We got some money together.
We put him up in a hotel for a week.
That was one week.
He's literally still sleeping on the street from the 2021 mandate.
It's so horrifying, the more and more we learn about the devastation that happened from this terrible vaccine mandate.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's awful.
There's this similar cases going on in Massachusetts.
I've talked to some of the
nurses and doctors that are going through their cases right now.
So hopefully we can get some more victories as we've had in Michigan and California.

[SPEAKER_08]
uh... what you know uh... sujata gibson just broke some news on c h d t v the other day she's my attorney she's a brilliant medical freedom attorney one of the original new york city cases is cain verse the blazio is the teachers myself the lead plaintiff against then mayor de blasio alliance defending freedom who's the lead attorneys on that along with c h d and others they're about to file a search petition with the supreme court trying to get that case before the roberts court uh... it's you know
Usually the Supreme Court denies these, but Alliance Defending Freedom is a true heavyweight, especially in religious freedom cases.
So there's a lot still happening legislatively.
Bobby Kennedy and HHS, the whole MAHA movement.
So we're years into this, but there's still so much happening.

[SPEAKER_10]
So much to do.
Well, I want to remind everyone, if you're anywhere near Albany next Wednesday, May 14th, 10 a.m., come join the movement there.
Say hi to Michael, say hi to me, and anyone else that's there, we'd love to see you there.

[SPEAKER_08]
And just one last thing for anybody that needs updates on it.
We have a bus coming from downstate.
Go to teachersforchoice.org.
Teachers, F-O-R, choice.org.
Yeah, hope to see you on May 14th.

[SPEAKER_10]
Excellent.
Well, I plan to be there.
I look forward to seeing you in person.
Michael, thank you for coming on VSRF Live and updating us on this important event.
Thank you so much, Livio.
And thank you, Steve Kersh for everything you do.
Thank you guys.
We'll see you next week.
All right.
I want to bring on immediately following that founder of VSRF, Steve Kersh.
Good evening, Steve.
How are you doing today?

[SPEAKER_02]
Um, doing good.
Uh, Livio, good to be back.
I was on Alex Jones this morning.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes.
You saw that.
I saw that.
I, um, well, I'm going to go ahead and share just 30 seconds of that interview.
I haven't had a chance to watch the whole thing, but this will give us a chance to watch you on Alex Jones for 30 seconds.
Uh, here it comes.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.

[SPEAKER_10]
Here we go.

[SPEAKER_02]
At a minimum, the FDA should be asking Pfizer to respond to the latter post study.
New York Times ought to be asking Pfizer, hey, this looks pretty bad for you.
What's going on here?
How do you respond to this?
And I know of one semi-mainstream journalist that has reached out to Pfizer for comment,
on the latter post study.
And the comment came back as nothing.
They basically are ignoring it.
They don't want to talk about it.
And that alone should tell you something.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's not getting any mainstream press, is it, Steve, the latter post study?

[SPEAKER_02]
Of course not.
What did you expect?

[SPEAKER_10]
I always have hope that things were different.

[SPEAKER_02]
Only in your dreams.

[SPEAKER_10]
Apparently so.
Well, we got a big show tonight, so I want to move on to a different set.
I want to introduce our first guest this evening, Kirsten Cosgrove.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening?

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm great, Livio.
Steve, thank you.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_10]
It's great to see you and I'm gonna introduce everyone that's here from your team.
I'm gonna start with your bio so that everyone in the audience could get to know a little bit about you all.
Kirsten Cosgrove is a certified clinical research associate with over 20 years of experience in overseeing patient safety and managing clinical trials with a deep commitment to ethical research practices.
Kirsten is passionate about, she's passionate about empowering others to take charge of their health
She has also authored several publications on the adverse effects of the COVID-19 vaccine.
Next, I want to bring on Dr. Kim Biss.
How are you, Kim?
Welcome to VSRF Live.

[SPEAKER_09]
I'm doing good.
Thanks for having me.
Hey, Steve.

[SPEAKER_10]
Hi, Kim.
Great to see you again.
I'm going to read your brief bio as well.
Dr. Kimbis is a board-certified OBGYN with over 20 years of experience in women's health.
Dr. Bis has become a vocal advocate for medical transparency, particularly around vaccine safety and reproductive health.
In 2022, she presented her clinical findings on post-COVID vaccine complications to the U.S. Senate, including miscarriage data later published in Dr. Jessica Rose's stub stack.
Nice to see you again, Dr. Bis.
And next, I'm bringing on Dr. Dan McDyer.
Welcome.
How are you this evening, sir?
I'm doing great, Lydia.
Thanks so much for having me.
Thanks, Steve.
Thank you for joining us.
I'm going to read your bio next.
Dr. Dan McDyer is a board certified OBGYN with over 30 years of clinical experience.
He completed his residency at the University of Florida Health Science Center in Jacksonville, where he served as administrative chief resident, a published author and frequent speaker on women's health.
Dr. McDyer is president of the Advanced Biological Research Group.
where he leads efforts to investigate the reproductive efforts of novel medical interventions.
And then I'm not sure if he's available, but Dr. Ryan Cole will also be joining, but he's a, oh wait, I think he's coming on right now.
Hello, Dr. Cole, welcome back.

[SPEAKER_04]
Good to be here.
Thank you.
I'm at another track meet.
So sorry if there's any noise in the background.

[SPEAKER_10]
No worries.
You're setting a precedent.
Now every time you come on, you have to be outside at a track meet.
It's a deal.
Most of our audience knows you, but I'm going to just repeat for any newbies out there.
Dr. Ryan Cole is a double board certified pathologist trained at the Mayo Clinic with subspecialty training in dermatopathology from Columbia University with a PhD in virology and immunology.
Dr. Cole has spent over two decades directing a large independent medical laboratory
and serving as an expert consultant and researcher.
He is internationally recognized for his dedication to scientific integrity and medical freedom, having testified before numerous legislative bodies, including the US Senate, Congress, and the European Parliament.
So good to see you again, Dr. Cole.
So I understand you're going to take us through a presentation and I want to hand it over to Kirsten to set up the organization and give us a little bit of a background.

[SPEAKER_07]
Sure thing.
Well, once again, thanks for having us on both Steve and Libby.
We appreciate it.
We're here to talk about a topic that is very near and dear to our hearts.
So advanced biological research group or ABRG.
I like to refer to us as a small but mighty volunteer based group of doctors and scientists.
We have the four of us are founding members of ABRG.
And we also have two additional founding members with Dr. James Thorpe and Dr. Steven Hatfield.
Dr. Hatfield has had to recently take a temporary step back from his official duties with the ABRG because he has taken a role with the new administration.
So we're giving him a pass for a little while.
But we essentially came together as a group through the emergence of
of disturbances in menstrual cycles after the rollout of the COVID injections.
And we know that those types of disturbances can cause severe problems with the reproductive system.
We realized that we weren't seeing any research being done about this incredibly important condition that we were seeing all around us, and it certainly wasn't being done by
the administration at that time.
So we decided that if no one else was going to do the research, we would take that on ourselves.
About a year ago, we formed ABRG and we incorporated ourselves as a 501c3 nonprofit.
So we have research planned right now.
We have two studies that we have actively planned.
The first one is kind of based on a project that Dan was involved with a few years back called my cycle story and that group surveyed over 6000 women and asked them about their reproductive cycle and an overwhelming response came back that they did have disturbances.
So we have designed our first IRB approved pilot study.
to take that a step further.
We want to look at how those disturbances occur.
We want to look at the spike protein effects through tissue evaluation via pathology testing.
We just started enrolling that study, so we're really excited about it.
The other study that we have on the books in hopefully the near future upon the conclusion of our pilot study has to do with some other unknowns that we are very concerned about and mostly fertility.
So what is the impact on fertility with these vaccinations?
If you want to call them vaccines, many of us don't.
We call them injections.
Our young women, our vaccinated women, have they suffered ovarian damage and will that cause them to be infertile?
We don't know.
Are we going to have grandkids?
I realize that all of these questions sound dramatic, but they are real concerns that we need to be looking at and we need to be looking at them now to understand
what the impact is, why it's occurring, what we can do to stop it and heal these women who have been impacted.
So that's ABRG in a nutshell.
We are very grateful to be able to be in this space and fill this critical need.
You can visit abrg.org and find out more about us.
And we are all building this from, the six of us have built this from the ground up out of our own pockets, volunteer based of our own time.
So we also would love to have any support that anybody would like to join our mission.
So thanks for that opportunity.
And Kim and Dan will be speaking also about what they've been seeing from their clinical expertise.

[SPEAKER_10]
Thank you for setting all that up.
And Janet will put the link in the chat.
And I also want to, before we go on to Dr. Biss, we will be having audience Q&A.
So if you have questions for any of our guests tonight, all caps in the chat, put your question and I'll try to get to as many as possible after our conversation.
Dr. Biss, I understand you are going to go next and you may have some presentation to share with us.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes.
See if I can do this.
Okay.
Can y'all see that?

[SPEAKER_10]
Stand by.
Let me get it up.
Yes, here it is.

[SPEAKER_09]
Okay.
So I just wanted to discuss how these injections were rolled out to pregnant women, because as we all know, there was very little informed consent.
These were always, you know, discussed as safe and effective and none of the risks were ever reported to patients that received them.
But if we go on the way back machine, these products were granted emergency use authorization based on the Pfizer trial that was ultimately published the end of December in 2020.
And that's when Tony Fauci got up on stage and stated that these were
95% effective because he was quoting the wrong statistic, mainly the relative risk, not the absolute risk reduction, which means, doctor, if I get this injection, how much is it going to prevent me from getting the infection?
And for severe symptoms, that was 0.037%.
So very little reward and as we had come to see subsequent to that, a lot of risk.
Now, I bring this up because no pregnant women were enrolled in these trials.
Men were told abstain from intercourse and if they did have intercourse, they needed to wear two condoms and be sure the woman was on a good form of birth control.
So clearly they were worried about any pregnancies occurring in this trial, and I'm sure some did.
I don't have access to that data, but I'm sure it's not very reassuring.
But ultimately, emergency use authorization was granted.
And the first group to receive these injections was determined by the advisory committee on immunization practices, and that was the first responders.
doctors, nurses, et cetera, some of which were women.
So when Pfizer then tabulated their post-market information, of course, we didn't have access to that until Naomi Wolfe and her colleagues really did a deep dive on this information.
But Rochelle Walensky did, because she was the head of the CDC at that time.
And you can clearly see some not very, very sharing numbers that I have highlighted in this slide.
And most concerning is the 81% miscarriage rate.
There were 270 pregnancy cases.
However, they only followed up on 32 of those women.
Even if they had followed up on all 270, the miscarriage rate would have been close to 10%, and that's not a normal miscarriage rate.
Nair et al had published in 2022, the actual normal miscarriage rate is closer to 5 to 6%.
And clinically, I've never seen anything higher than that until these COVID injections were rolled out.
But in any event, that was the information that Rachelle Molenski had when she did an audio interview that was published on the New England Journal website at the time, Eric Rubin, who was the editor of the New England Journal of Medicine.
And she stated in that interview that these were safe and effective in pregnant women, based on what?
Because we didn't have any studies on pregnant women.
And if anything, at that time, we had negative data.
We've come to find out that same month through work that Maggie Thorpe did, Dr. Jim Thorpe's wife, that the HHS was funneling money to several trusts out of which ACOG and some other medical organizations and other entities like the sports entities, Hollywood, the media, et cetera, received money to market these injections.
And ACOG received somewhere in the range of $11 to $13 million
to market these to women.
This was all a marketing plan.
Same reason why they started out with the first responders to get these injections, because if a doctor, nurse, or pregnant woman will accept these injections, then the late public will soon follow.
You stated in the beginning that I have over 20 years.
I have actually been doing this for 33 years now.
And I've probably taken care of over 8,000 pregnant women and try getting them to take an aspirin, eat tuna fish, color their hair.
They won't do that, but 65% of my pregnancy population lined up for these injections because they were marketed so heavily by our governing body.
And there was a lot of fear involved in that marketing.
In June is the infamous Tom Shimabukura article that was published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
looking at the v-safe cohort, stating that these were safe because the miscarriage rate was only 13%.
I've already told you that's not normal.
The normal rate's five to 6%.
And when somebody read that article critically, they were doing funky math and they used the wrong denominator.
And when the actual numbers that were supposed to be used,
were applied, the miscarriage rate was similar to that found in the aftermarket data was 82%.
Somebody actually wrote a letter to the editor stating that and they said, thank you very much for your letter, but they have since to correct that or retract the article.
If you look it up today, it's still accessible with the same statistics.
In July, based on that article,
The Society for Maternal Fetal Medicine, which is the high-risk obstetrician society and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists came out with their formal statement saying,
inject all your patients that are pregnant, thinking of getting pregnant or breastfeeding.
And if you go on the ACOG website today, that is still the guidance in 2025 after all, the literature that's been out, thousands of articles now showing the danger, not very many on pregnancy, however, but many other conditions and other people.
And then in August of that year was when Comronati was FDA approved.
However, nobody in this country got Comronati.
They got the emergency use product.
But even in Comronati's own package insert, they state that they don't have enough evidence to say that these are safe and effective in pregnant patients.
Subsequent post-marketing data showed, you know, not very good statistics.
Either there, miscarriage rate was 21%, there were 67 fetal deaths, and there were many congenital anomalies in the babies.
And the trial that Pfizer was going to publish, a randomized controlled trial where they looked at pregnant women and they were going to follow
the babies up to six months, they had to halt the trial and never publish it because if they had had one more fetal birth effect, it would have been statistically significant showing that these cause harm.
So they never published this trial.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
They, uh, they basically told people that they weren't able to recruit for it.
And that was the reason that they stopped the trial, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
But it wasn't.
So this is just elaborating on the Tom Shimabukura article.
And now I don't know the full detail yet because I think it's still under investigation.
But they've come to find out since that he did hide a lot of data.
there's probably worse data that they didn't report in this original article.
So that's, you know, to be continued.
This is the chart that they had in their own paper and what, where it says spontaneous abortion less than 20 weeks, that 104 over 827 number is incorrect because 827 is the whole cohort of patients.
You can include women over 20 weeks to drive a miscarriage percent because a loss after 20 weeks is a silver.
So when you apply the correct denominator, which I believe was 127, that brought up the miscarriage rate to 81%.
This is the guidance that's still on our ACOG website, should somebody go on and ask if they should get COVID injection.
This was my data that I presented to Marjorie Taylor Greene's panel.
And this is in Jessica Rosa's sub-stack that was published.
And I credit Steve to actually have this came about because I met Steve at the inaugural FLCCC conference and
October of 2022 and he pulled me in a back room and did a video that went viral and he wanted
numbers right off the bat.
So I told him that my miscarriage rates had gone up by 50%.
And when I went home, my husband said, well, you better be sure that you know what you're talking about.
And so that's what made me do a deep dive into all my data.
And I went into my EMR, went back to January of 2020, and tabulated data up until November of 2022.
And I track the total number of deliveries we had in my practice, the number of newly entering first trimester pregnant women, and the number of women who had miscarriages.
So the blue bars represent the newly entering pregnant first trimester patients into the practice.
And the most
Newly entering patients and deliveries we've had to date have been in 2020.
We had the most deliveries, a lot of them were in November and December of that year.
We call them rona babies because they were probably due to the lockdowns.
But you can clearly see from year to year, the number of entering patients in the first trimester had gone down.
And that's a reflection of two things.
Some may have miscarried prior to calling and making the appointment.
But the other is infertility.
I had a lot of women that we had delivered their babies prior to 2021.
They had no problems conceiving.
And now they needed to get in vitro fertilization in order to have a baby.
The orange bars represent my miscarriage rates.
And I told Steve it had gone up by 50%, but it was actually incorrect because it had gone up by 100% year to year.
So my rate in 2020 was normal.
And then the following year, it doubled to 8%.
We had the most in November of 2021, which is probably a reflection of a lot of the patients getting the boosters.
And then in 2022, it doubled again to 15% on average month to month.
And that was my data up until November of that year.
In December, we had a 27% miscarriage rate in January and February of 2023.
it went up to 30% and that's the highest it ever got.
And then it slowly went back down to normal and it's been normal ever since.
Now, what's concerning is I also tracked my patients with regards to how many of them received these injections and it was about 65 to 70%.
80% of those injections were Pfizer.
The remaining were Moderna and a handful of J&J.
Most of my patients receive three injections, very few received four or more.
So they're receiving these injections in 2021.
And yet we were still seeing effects moving into 2022 and then into 2023.
So some things lingering and causing these to occur.
But like I said, in my practice, the rates have now normalized.
This is a study that I was actually going to let Dan go into, so I'm going to stop sharing my screen and Dan can start talking.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thanks so much, Kim, and those numbers are
very distressing.
And I don't have numbers on the actual numbers of the miscarriage rates in my practice, but I saw in my partner saw similar effects at one point in time, about a year and a half ago, after your information came out, my partner who doesn't do obstetrics any longer, but he sees a lot of the newer OB patients when they're first having their, you know, their very first visit where they're amenorrheic, not having menstrual cycle, they've had positive pregnancy tests.
And he came up to me and said, I think for every pregnant patient I'm seeing, I'm seeing a miscarriage.
I've got a gut feeling now, Kim, that I'm starting to see an increase in the miscarriage rate again, something starting to surge.
It's just a gut feeling you have.
To get the numbers for that, it's kind of, I'm shocked you were able to do it.
There are so many different codes that are used for that.
I wanted to get them for my entire group.
I have a member of a very large group just like you are.
We have about 400 doctors in the state of Florida.
And it would be awesome to be able to ascertain that data, but I don't know how capable I would be of getting that.
The primary thing that I saw, which was very distressing during this interval was the bleeding.
which is what triggered our entire group's organization.
My medical assistant has been in our practice for 36 years now.
And about two years ago, she turned to me while I was sitting there looking at a microscopic specimen under the microscope and said, Dr. MacDyre, what's going on with all of this bleeding?
And I went back and looked at the data and I used the years 2016 through 2020 as a baseline and compared 2021 and 2022 to those five year intervals.
And in 2021, 193% more post-menopausal bleeding patients that I had in the preceding five years on average in 2022 is 156% more for the pre menopausal women is a 25 and a 15% increase.
So that was very concerning to me because we know that when women have regular menstrual cycles, that is a pretty good indicator of their overall health that they're in a good state.
And also, if there's something disrupting the user and environment, that may be something that's hostile to reproductive capabilities.
So that's one of the reasons I wanted to get together with all this team to start investigating this.
I was part of the My Cycle Story group.
We identified the bleeding problems, but we didn't look into nor do we have the capability to look into the underlying etiology or cause of this bleeding.
And we still don't, nobody hoped we could crack the door into that with some answers here shortly with the help of Dr. Cole and a great lab we have in Jacksonville, Florida is going to be doing the standing of the slides for us.
What we're going to be doing is taking 50 patients who have had samples of their uterine tissue removed within the past four years since the COVID injections were released, because that's when we saw the major increases.
And we're going to look at that tissue and we have the ability to discriminate
between spike protein, which is present from the injection, versus that which comes from the infection.
And we're going to see if there's any relationship between the injection and the bleeding.
And if so, then we're going to start trying to go into
understanding what the cellular mechanisms are.
Is it something that's happening in the uterus?
Is it something that's happening in the ovary?
Or is it something that's happening more centrally in the brain?
We don't know the answers.
And we do know that the uterine environment is being affected by the COVID injections.
The messenger RNA from the injection has been detected in the deeper tissues of the uterine lining.
So it stands to
to conclude that it's also in the endometrium and affecting that problem with inflammatory changes, which are very hostile to the implantation of a pregnancy or its progress or its implantation, the development of the vascular network that's necessary to support it.
So it's very exciting to be a part of this team and to maybe start providing some answers to women who have been kind of gasoline on this.
There have been some studies that have demonstrated menstrual disturbances, but they say, hey, it's temporary.
So leave it alone.
They just don't go any further than that.
It's shocking to me that it's just left at that.
So that's the story of ABRG.
The study that you wanted me to discuss was performed as a overview and a deep dive into the vaccine adverse event reporting system, the effects of the COVID injections on pregnancy.
And what we did is we took
Who even knows if this is the correct way to do it, guys?
We took the flu vaccine as the gold standard of the comparator to determine whether or not another vaccine, the COVID injection, was harmful to pregnant women.
I mean, in my mind and in my heart, I know that any vaccine is harmful in pregnancy because inflammation, particularly systemic inflammation, is the enemy of a healthy pregnancy, particularly neurologic development for the fetus.
So no vaccines should be administered during pregnancy.
It does not create the proper environment for development.
Nevertheless, that's what we had to use as our baseline comparator.
So what we found is.
incredible increases and basically everything you could imagine that's an adverse effect in pregnancy.
I've seen many of these in my own practice as I'm sure Dr. Biss has.
As a matter of fact, I was just having a discussion with the chief nurse for the women's services at my hospital about two weeks ago and she was discussing with me the level of acuity of patients that we are seeing now and is putting a great deal of stress on the nurses.
And on the physicians too, we've never seen so many patients with so many medical disorders and so many complications of pregnancy.
The primary one that we see, and I think Kim would agree here, is postpartum hemorrhages.
There is an enormous amount of postpartum hemorrhage.
Is it so frequent to the point where every patient that I deliver, not only do I do the standard of care with a medicine through the IV called pitocin that makes the uterus contract well after delivery, which is the primary mechanism that stops the bleeding.
It contracts the uterus around the placental implantation site, where all the raw vessels are that were attached to the placenta previously.
But I also administer for 24 hours another medication
um, called myzoprosyl that's a very intense uterine chronic agent and it makes the ears contract really well.
And the nurses have actually made, uh, observations that Dr. McDyer, your patients don't have the same bleeding problems that all the other doctors do.
Um, so they're very astute and they know what's going on.
Um, I've told my other colleagues about what I'm doing, but I don't know if, if anybody seemed to adopt it yet.
It got to the point where the only patient I've had with a postpartum hemorrhage, since I initiated that protocol, she'd have a mild postpartum hemorrhage.
And what that is, it's losing a liter of blood within the first 24 hours after delivery, which can jeopardize a person's health, obviously, and the uterus remaining in place.
Sometimes a hysterectomy is necessary in the gravest of incidences when the hemorrhages occur, when you can't stop the bleeding.
That patient of mine was the seventh postpartum hemorrhage of the week.
And we do about 20 to 25 deliveries a week.
So that's over 25%.
That's crazy.
I mean, postpartum hemorrhages prior to this era of the COVID injections were not unheard of, but very uncommon.
Now, they had been increasing prior to COVID.
I think that has something to do with obesity and all the chronic illnesses people have, but there's been an abrupt
increase since the COVID injections were released.
And actually there was a study shockingly that made it into the medical literature by Dick et al that demonstrated a dose dependent response between the number of injections you had in the risk of a postpartum hemorrhage.
So we can put that slide back up with all the other disorders.
Cervical incompetence is one of those.
I've had a couple of patients with that that had normal pregnancies previously, but yet had a cervical incompetence incidence in a subsequent pregnancy with previously uncomplicated pregnancy.
That's where the cervix dilates prematurely and often results in stillbirth or miscarriage.
Miscarriage rates, Kim touched on placental insufficiency.
We see that represented by low fluid around the baby and in growth disorders in the babies where they're not growing appropriately because the vascular supply to the placenta is compromised by the inflammatory conditions, most likely in that uterine endometrial environment.
Placental abruptions where the placenta separates prematurely, which can jeopardize the mother and the baby's life.
Um, preeclamps is another big one.
We're seeing a tremendous amount of preeclamps, which is a very dangerous blood pressure disorder, usually with its onset towards the end of pregnancy.
I've had some patients there 20, 20, 24 weeks with that now, which is very, very early, much more commonly now than I ever saw in my previous career.
And, um, I hate to say that in the older states, but of this group, but apparently, uh, you, you made that apparent with saying, I've been doing this for over 30 years.
I can't believe it's been that long.
But I do have a lot of experience I've delivered over probably around 8,000 babies, I would say.
And I'm seeing things now I've never seen before.

[SPEAKER_02]
As a matter of fact, I've met with a... One second.
Can you put that slide up again and can you tell us what the three numbers are?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, I'm going to do this, Dan.
So if you take miscarriage, for example, so what we did was we studied 40 months of the COVID injections.
And then we went back to the inception of bears back in 1990 and looked at how many people complained of these adverse events that took the flu vaccine, which is the middle number.
And then the final number out of the three is all vaccines going back to 1990, excluding any COVID injections that women would get.
So the first number under miscarriage, there were 3,494.
complaints to bears with the COVID injections.
And of course, people will argue, well, there were so many more women that received the COVID shot as opposed to any other injection, which no way if we're going back to 1990, because women have received many more influenza vaccines.
And by the way, if you're pregnant and your pregnancy spans to influenza, you know, seasons,
you're to get two influenza vaccines.
So some women may have even received two, but if you look then at the proportional reporting ratio for miscarriage, that middle top box, that 114 number means if you get a COVID injection, you're 114 times more likely to miscarry than if you get a flu vaccine.

[SPEAKER_02]
Now only a slight safety signal there.

[SPEAKER_09]
Only a slight.
Now the rule for the CDC to raise is two.
It's two.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep.
These are shocking numbers.

[SPEAKER_11]
And remember when they told us that there were no PRRs necessary for investigation, they only admitted to myocarditis.
They actually had the times revealed that there were
I think 594 safety signals that FDA and the CDC had ignored.

[SPEAKER_02]
770.

[SPEAKER_11]
770.
Yeah.
That's right.
Your numbers guy.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
I remember it well.
So corrupt.
Unbelievable.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
It's almost like we're living in a mirage.
I just can't believe what I see with my eyes and here with my ears every day.
It's not.
our colleagues aren't behaving in a proper fashion.
We were taught back in 2001, if you see something, say something, I understand the fear that they may be working under, but our first obligation is to protect our patients.
And I think we're doing a dismal job of that.
That's an understatement.

[SPEAKER_07]
Especially this patient population.

[SPEAKER_11]
Exactly.
Right.
So obviously, not only do we have concerns about
The miscarriages, but we also have concerns about the health of our mothers or potential mothers, prospective mothers are they in a state where they can actually carry a pregnancy with all the health conditions they have.
I had a, just as an anecdote at a patient, 25 or 26 years old came in about six months ago for her first visit.
She's a third year medical student.
On my medical history sheet that they have in the waiting room, there are a bunch of different medical disorders than the circle that they've affected them, but sometimes patients confuse that with family medical history.
And this young lady had circled heart attack, stroke, and then she wrote in on the blank line, POTS and vasculitis.
And as I was discussing her current condition with her, I said, I noticed on your medical history here that you had these other disorders listed.
Are these things that these medical problems that have affected you or your family?
And she said, those are all my medical problems.
I said, did you have the COVID injections?
And she started crying.
And she said, Dr. McDowyer, the first doctor that's ever asked me that I have, and she, you know, we talked about that for a little bit.
And she told me she has over 50, 50 friends that are now diagnosed with autoimmune disorders.

[SPEAKER_12]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_02]
So this young lady is after the shot, after the shots, you mean?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
She, she received three, three COVID injections.
50 friends.

[SPEAKER_02]
She is.
How many, how many old friends does she have?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, those are medical students and undergrad friends of hers that she stays in contact with.
I don't know what her total friend base is, but it's not gonna be several hundred, that's for sure.
The concern there is a woman with a heart attack and with a stroke is not a good candidate for pregnancy in the future.
And she's very aware of that.
That's affected her tremendously.
And that's not an isolated case, by the way.

[SPEAKER_02]
So sad.
And of course, all your colleagues are looking the other way on this, right?
What's their excuse when you, when you bring it up to them and you say, well, these numbers are really troubling to me.
What do they do?
Just shake their head and walk away.

[SPEAKER_11]
Uh, yeah, some denial.
I've, I've lost a couple of friends.
I've had a few doctors come and apologize to me, which I don't want.
I just want them to think for themselves.
They told me I'm right.
Um, and, uh, many are, are a little fearful of speaking out.
Um, I've had some, another, I mean, just, just as another anecdote, I had a patient, a new OB patients going to deliver here in another six weeks or so.
We were discussing the COVID injections at her first visit.
She's a nurse and we talked about the toxicities and she pointed to her husband and he pointed to himself.
This guy's about six for 215 pounds of was pure muscle.
He had a first developed pericarditis then had a heart attack.
His cardiologist told him it was because he was working out too much.
So I've got him seeing other cardiologists now who was injured himself and is taking great care of my COVID cardiovascular patients.
So they're filling people up with BS.
It's disgusting.
They know what's going on.
All the nurses do now.
My patients who are ER nurses have never seen anything like what they're seeing to come through the ER.
They tell me, you know, you can't even use the traditional risk factors to diagnose a cardiac event like a myocardial infarction, et cetera.
So we've got a very sick population to deal with.
I'm sure Kim has seen this too.
I've never seen so many chronic illnesses in all my life, even in younger people.
So they're not great candidates for pregnancy.
And when they do get pregnant, it's going to be a real challenge to manage them, which is, you know, if their fertility is not damaged by this, there are all kinds of other factors that are going to make things very challenging and potentially life threatening for them in pregnancy.
So it's an assault all the way around.

[SPEAKER_02]
And none of your colleagues are speaking out publicly.
Is that right?

[SPEAKER_11]
It's me, Dr. Biss, Dr. Daniels in Missouri and Dr. Thorpe as far as I know.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's it now.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yep.
You did mention which was surprising that a couple of your colleagues came up and apologized or acknowledged what you were seeing.
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
Apologize and then, and then shut up basically and just back themselves.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
They're there to lose their jobs, et cetera.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
We're not going to say anything public.
You know, what was your job?
Nope.
Nope.

[SPEAKER_11]
You know, I think courage is contagious, but I mean, we just have to keep setting the example because people like you, Steve, Olivia and all those here on the call with Kirsten and Dr. Cole, um, it's, uh,
People are going to come out.
I mean, it's impossible to stay silent forever.
I have hope, I'm an optimist.

[SPEAKER_02]
I don't know.
Yeah, you know, they've been silent about autism for forever.
I actually reached out to Maggie Hassan's office after she testified that she's definitely interested in the causes of autism.
I said, okay, well, I got a bunch of experts that I can line up to meet with you.
And she said, well, the experts, she won't meet with the experts personally, but her staff will meet with the experts.
So then we called up for a date where our experts can meet with their staff and we haven't got a date.
That's how bad it is.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, not shocking, but the truth will prevail and it's coming like a steam train, I think, down the tracks here in the next nine months or so, six to nine months.

[SPEAKER_10]
man.
And you say that because of RFK Junior's study on autism, you think that that's why we're going to hear more acknowledgement?

[SPEAKER_11]
He already knows.
I mean, he said with some significant confidence during that cabinet meeting two weeks ago that he'd have the answer by September.
He's already seen the data.
They also have now released the
letter yesterday that they're going to be basically diving through the CMS database.
It's all there too.
They'll find it.
Nobody's just wanted to look before or at least report what they have in their database.
We all have this call.

[SPEAKER_02]
Sorry, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_11]
I was going to say all of us on this call know what the answer is already.
They are the primary contributing
caused autism and many chronic illnesses.
There's no doubt in my mind about that whatsoever.
And if I heard myself say that five years ago, I would probably put a bullet through my head.

[SPEAKER_02]
What changed your mind?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, the first thing was the Gardasil vaccine.
I started seeing a lot of patients infected with the very strains of HPV that they were supposed to be protected from.
And it wasn't just a smattering of patients.
It was a lot.
So I realized, if there's limited or no protection, all you're getting is risk.
And then the masks were another topper of my BS meter.
And then once I started understanding the mechanism of action of the COVID injection back in 2021, I realized all you need is the basic understanding of immunology.
And just that's about it.
And some physiology, you know, that's impossible to receive this injection or this platform for that matter without getting injured.
It can't not happen.
It's a physiologic impossibility.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's right.

[SPEAKER_11]
And then the courage of the people here on this call and you and others just gave me the confidence to speak out and had a, just a brief discussion with my family didn't take long.
And I told them, you know, could result in physical or financial harm, but I think we still live in America.
I'm pretty sure of that.
And it does happen.

[SPEAKER_02]
We're just going to shut shut the doors on the practice.
We'll do something else.
Yeah.
Well, the good news on autism is that Trump doesn't feel that he created the cure for autism.
Right.
So even though the COVID vaccines won't be taken off the market because that would be a tarnish on Trump's reputation.
I don't think there is any problem at all with other vaccines and being associated with autism.
So that's good news.

[SPEAKER_11]
We can only help that'll start the steam, the, the snowball running downhill at that point.
Once we understand that the others will be scrutinized appropriately.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
You've been quite, quite silent this whole time.

[SPEAKER_10]
Welcome back, Dr. Cole.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
Um,
I'm going to be really quick, and then I'll jump back on for Q&A.
My daughter is going to run here in about seven minutes.
So if I can share my screen real quick, I'll show you what we're looking for in our study.

[SPEAKER_10]
You should be able to share.

[SPEAKER_04]
There you go.
Okay, so this is what we're looking for.
This was some of the work from Dr. Burkart.
We were using his similar protocols.
In our laboratory before I went through all the law fair and attacks and ended up having to sell what I have, still have my license thankfully, but I'm still going through that.
But anyway, the brown dots that you see on the upper left and the lower left, that spike protein being expressed in the upper left in the placenta post-vaccination.
In the bottom left, that spike protein being expressed in the uterine cells and the uterine lining cells.
On the right hand side, you can see spike protein being expressed in testes.
And so this is in our pilot study, we're going to be looking for the same thing in the women that experience bleeding.
Now, in 2020, prior to the vaccine rollout, there was a paper that showed just through PCR that the virus was showing up in placental tissues and was persistent.
And that was in free out of five patients and post-vax.
And that's what you see the ground dots here in their study.
And then Lynn at all did a study post-vaccine on both placental maternal and cord blood post-vaccine.
And they showed persistence of the synthetic mRNA and the placenta as well.
So what we're doing is we're going to start with a spike study.
And if it shows what we think it's going to show, then potentially down the road, we can go do some of the similar genetic studies as well.
And I know Kevin McCrernan has the sequences teased out from both Moderna and Pfizer.
So for now, the pilot study is going to be looking for protein expression.
We know that obviously that shot went everywhere.
And so that's what we're going to be doing from a pathology point of view for the pilot study.
And at that, I'm going to bow out for the moment.
And I will tune back in in a couple of minutes.
and I'll let you guys go ahead and keep chatting and I'll be back then.
Go watch my other one.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Good luck.
Wow.
I wanted to ask Dr. McDyer and Dr. Biss, you're both in Florida.
Have you approached the LATAPO with your findings or been able to?
No, great question.

[SPEAKER_09]
I have tried to reach out to him and our governor and I've gotten no response.

[SPEAKER_04]
Oh, okay.

[SPEAKER_11]
I've met Dr. Latifo, but he was whisked off before I could start discussing the data.
That was nothing intentional though.
It wasn't like he was trying to avoid me.
He had another meeting to get to.
It was already, that was at the COVID injection.
I mean, the COVID conference that John O'Tell puts on back in October of last year, 2023, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
They're aware of the data because we had this thing called a grand jury in our state.
And a lot of people provided data from all over the country, so they're aware.

[SPEAKER_02]
And all of you are in Florida, right?

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
Yeah, hearing the previous guy you were interviewing before we got on, I feel like I live in a foreign country, to be honest with you.
It's amazing to hear these things are still going on in this day and age.
I mean, I still have patients who are military members that are fighting the COVID mandates to get back into the military that are being told they still have to get injected as of about
Prior to Trump getting back in office, it's crazy.

[SPEAKER_10]
It's happening all over the country.
There's still lawsuits going everywhere.

[SPEAKER_02]
Wow.
So what would you have if you had your wish and could talk to Joe Lotipo?
What would you ask him to do?

[SPEAKER_09]
I would ask, you know, the governors have the power to remove these products from the shelves.
You know, I think that they're, you know, and way back, Lattapo, you know, had a statement with regards to the myocarditis.
So, you know, my wish would be that these aren't even offered in our state.
It's, you know, it's just gonna take one state.
And sadly, it's not gonna be Florida.
It's probably gonna be Idaho to, you know, take, you know, get these off the market there.

[SPEAKER_02]
And why do you think it's not going to be Florida?

[SPEAKER_09]
Because it should have already happened in my opinion.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.
I think it was going to happen.
It would have happened because he came up with a statement.
I think it was about.
six months ago regarding the DNA contamination is attempting to communicate with the FDA.
And he said the vaccine should no longer be on, should no longer be available.
But he did it.
I'm not I'm not sure whose responsibility it is to take the medication off the shelves, but there gotta be money changing hands somewhere.
So not in a corrupt way, but with the state getting federal funding, something like that.

[SPEAKER_02]
So
There is no, is there a recommendation?
Like what's the current status in Florida for the mRNA shots?
Is there a recommendation not to take the vaccines, but we're gonna make it a, but we're not gonna stop the availability or we're gonna make sure that it's not any kind of state intervention, that the state isn't pushing this, that it's all private pharmacies or what have you.
Like what have they done?
that's positive in the direction of stopping the vaccines.

[SPEAKER_11]
The latter pose letter from the Florida health department was the statement, I believe was pretty emphatic in terms of saying, do not take the vaccine, but yet it's still available.
Um, it's, it's optional.
Nobody, I don't, well, we still get the Pfizer commercials here and there, but I don't think anybody from the state is obviously they're not pushing it with latter post statement.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Okay, so it's just it's just a statement saying, hey, we don't think you should get the shots, but the shots are still available to people.
Yeah, correct.
Is anyone is anyone getting them in Florida?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes.

[SPEAKER_02]
I've got some patients who have seven or eight of them now.
Yeah.
Well, you won't have them for long.

[UNKNOWN]
No.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah, no, no.
They've gone beyond rushing.
Actually, my staff is supposed to screen the patients when they call in for appointments that I don't want to see them within.
I just picked the random number two months after they've been injected because of the shedding phenomenon, which we know is happening.
So don't mean to open a whole new can of worms there for you, but that's not something I'm interested.
I chose not to receive it.
I don't want to get it passively.
Thanks.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah, don't play.
So what did you know what the numbers are in Florida?
Is it less than 5% that are opting for the shots?

[SPEAKER_09]
I don't know the numbers, but I'm sure it's pretty low.
I mean, if I do a percent of my patients every week, it would probably be what you just said, you know, 5% or less that are getting the latest boosters.

[SPEAKER_02]
And you try to talk them out of it?

[SPEAKER_09]
Oh yeah, I talked to all my patients.
I ask everyone of my patients, have you had COVID?
How many times what years have you had any of the COVID injections?
What brands?
How many?
And a lot of them are actually afraid, the ones that haven't gotten them, they're afraid to answer because they think I'm going to start forcing them to get it.
They'll ask me, well, why are you asking me this?
And then I'll let them know the dangers behind it.
But they'll say, well, thank you for telling me this, because I had an appointment at the pharmacy clinic, because my primary recommended that I get the new booster.
And I live in the Tampa Bay area, and our cancer center here is Moffitt.
And Moffitt was recommending the boosters as well, even last fall.
And we've all seen an increase in cancers.

[SPEAKER_02]
So these people that recommended, did they know that they're recommending a very, very dangerous kill shot?
Or are they doing it because they have to, because they want to keep their job?

[SPEAKER_09]
I think there are some, I mean, I went to the Florida Medical Association meeting last summer and doctors, we were trying to get a bill that they would support for the Florida legislature banning the messenger RNA platform.
And doctors actually said, look, these saved millions of lives, this is the way with the future, get used to it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, wow.

[SPEAKER_09]
This was like 90% of the doctors in that room feel this way.
And this was nine months ago.

[SPEAKER_11]
Wow.
Steve, there's like zero intellectual curiosity.
And that may be willful blindness to a degree.
Some of it, it's just being propagandized.
And you know, doctors, we're all empaths.
We always want to feel like we're helping somebody.
You've got this cutting edge technology.
It's sexy.
It sounds sexy.
Hey, I know something that you don't know.
Let's get this injection because it's so cool how it works.
I think there's an element of that.
But it's been pounded into our heads.
I wanted to go back for a second if it's okay to touch on what Kim was touching on in the very beginning of her presentation.
I went back into the Wayback Machine and looked at some of the ACOG technical bulletins that were released during COVID.
And one of their technical bulletins, which is a messaging system, a document for all OBGYNs, it's kind of, you know, it's recommended standard practice basically is what they're communicating to us through these technical bulletins.
And this was a bulletin based basically on vaccine hesitancy and how to overcome it, like how to propagandize your patient.
And in that document, and it still exists to this day, it stated that the COVID injections had undergone the same rigorous clinical trials that all other vaccines had undergone.
And it also goes on to basically train the doctor
on how to overcome the hesitancy with the patients and that if they don't accept the vaccine at one visit to continue asking that each subsequent visit and to document the fact that the patient wasn't receiving the vaccine and they've got the doctors thinking there's some element of liability that if they don't document their conversations and make this effort to coerce the patients into getting the vaccine that they may stand some
component of liability, which is always a doctor's biggest fear, especially in OBGYN.
So it's a, it's a Psyop for sure.
And the fact that they made that statement, that's the definition of misinformation right there.
Those, we all know, and it's common knowledge now that those vaccines did not go any undergo any clinical trial whatsoever in terms of pharmacokinetics.
Um, biodistribution, genotoxicity, reproductive toxicity, none of that was done.

[SPEAKER_07]
I've just got to put my two cents in here.
I mean, when you're talking about the clinical, the Pfizer trial, yes, you're right.
That should have been the most rigorous monitored and, and.
most rigorous oversight ever, especially considering this novel technology.
It wasn't.
It was even touted on the CDC website at one point that those exact words, that this is the most rigorous in history.
So one of my previous responsibilities in clinical research was to be a clinical research monitor.
And that's where you go out to the actual sites,
you compare the information that is in the patient's medical chart.
You compare it to the study to make sure that what the principal investigator is reporting into the study database is actually what you can see in that chart.
And you look and you audit, you essentially audit for violations and deviations, et cetera.
And when you find any instances and you document them, you report them and the site has to follow up and change how, you know, put a corrective action in.
And we know from Brooke Jackson, she did the same thing, and she worked on the Pfizer trial.
And we know that that's absolutely an untruth, because the monitoring, they should have had monitors out there all this time.
And when the monitors did find things,
It was just gross negligence.
There was no other way to say it, of the safety oversight, because Brooke herself reported a laundry list of findings everywhere from informed consent, which we all know is
You know, it's very top.
There were serious adverse events that either were not reported or sometimes serious adverse events, depending on the product or the trial, need to be reported immediately, which is usually between 24 and 72 hours.
They weren't reported at all.
They were reported late.
They weren't followed up on.
There were a huge list of significant protocol violations, deviations, improper storage of the product.
They were supposed to have monitored the subject physically for a certain amount of time after they got the shot.
That didn't happen.
I mean, it was just all over the place.
And then when, when she tried to, I think, I think she tried for over two weeks, she put these findings in to her boss or the company that she worked for, Ventavia and got nowhere.
So finally she said, fine, I'm going to go to the FDA.
She did that, I think at nine in the morning and six hours.
So, you know, and I mean, these are just things that I just wish that the general public understood that this is what this is the product that was given to the globe based on this gross negligence.
So sorry, ran over it.
I just.

[SPEAKER_10]
Good.
So I wanna ask the question we all saw today that Casey Means was named Attorney General and I just had to throw this out.

[SPEAKER_02]
Not Attorney General, Sergeant General.

[SPEAKER_10]
Sergeant General, thank you for the correction, Steve.
Slight difference.
Maybe she's better suited for, no, just kidding.
I'm curious all of your take on this selection.

[SPEAKER_07]
I'm not a fan.
Not a fan.
Not a fan.

[SPEAKER_11]
My personal opinion is patients, number one, but number two, these are people in these, you know, top positions who have to undergo scrutiny from the Senate and they have to, they can't be agents of change to a significant degree that are going to maybe deter the votes from those they need to get.
The people behind the scenes, for instance, with the investigation of the CMS data,
In my own opinion, they're the more important people.
They have to be uncorrupted.
They have to know what they're looking for.
They have to be unbiased.
And I think the full package is what we need to look at.
I mean, certainly we're all depressed that the COVID injections have not been taken off the market yet.
I think that RFK Jr. needs to surround himself with some great people before he starts making those moves.
But I have faith it's going to happen.
I really do.
I probably have faith through a fault in so many things, but I do believe that she's got the MAHA movement in the right vein, and that's going to be her every expertise.
And she's admitted that vaccines are a problem with chronic illness.
And I think she may have made some statements about the COVID injections, particularly, I can't remember for certain, but I do believe that the right moves are being, there are some right moves being made.
There may be some wrong moves.
I could talk about a few of them.
I don't want to name names, but in my own opinion, but I think,
that in this chess match, it's going to be very complex.
But we're certainly not going in the wrong direction.
I think we're heading the right direction.
The ship is going to take forever to turn.
And all of us are so impatient because all of us in this meeting here understand the gravity of what's occurred.
And every time one more person gets an injection or they go on with these self-amplifying messenger RNA injections, we're in big trouble.
We're in really big trouble.
So it's about us.
continuing a persistent and consistent effort like we, like we're doing and we're making a difference.
I feel it every day.
I, I can't tell you, like you were mentioning a few moments ago, a few months ago after Steve asked you, um, I think less than 1% of my patients get this injection.
I talked to all of them about it and so many of them are so thankful about bringing it forward.
I give them a list of videos, some with Steve and them and some with you and some with, uh, Kirsten and Jim and everybody, Ryan,
And they're grateful.
And I say, please share these.
If you like what you see, please share those.
Everybody who knows, it's very important that everybody understands what's going on.
The bigger message here is not the COVID injection.
The bigger message here is who is forcing this upon people.
This is a symptom of the environment we've been living in.
So it's a wake-up call.
It takes a long time to wake everybody up.
But I'm hopeful.

[SPEAKER_10]
I appreciate that perspective because I agree there's a lot of people that are very impatient and it's hard to tell because they sort of dropped in out of nowhere, maybe that's a strategy, maybe that's a good thing that they don't have, that they haven't been tarnished like the rest of us and dragged through the mud.
One of the things I was noticing, I'm gonna put a picture of this article that I posted on VSRF's website, on BackSafety's website,
And they're going to scrub, basically.
Here's the article.
I'm going to put this on the screen.
Scientists say NIH officials told them to scrub mRNA references on grants.
So does this mean that they're going to be able to basically put mRNA technology inside of vaccines without disclosing that the vaccines contain mRNA technology in it?
And I wonder how that will affect vaccines going forward.

[SPEAKER_11]
I've not heard that, but I tell my patients that if it all comes to the mRNA platform, there's no question about it.
There's not even any reason to argue about vaccines anymore.
Don't take a single one, because you can't not get harm.
Like I said earlier, it's a physiologic impossibility that you will not be harmed by a messenger RNA injection.
It can't not happen.
You'll be hurt.

[SPEAKER_02]
unless it's complete dud.
They left it up to sun for an hour.
They're an egg blue cooler.

[SPEAKER_07]
That is the other, an additional initiative that we're trying to start with ABRG is we do want to start a national campaign.
We aren't quite there yet, but we do want to start a national campaign of mothers against mRNA.
I realize how lofty of a goal that is.
But, you know, as if what you all just stated right now, they haven't proven safety.
It's a dangerous platform.
And we also all know what will happen that when you activate those feisty and protective mama bears, they can certainly move mountains.
So I'm hoping that we can at least contribute.
Dan, to your point, trying to turn the tide any small step that we can.
And it takes all of us to do that.
So we'll be putting that on the wall when we get that initiated.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yes, it takes a lot to move the mountains.
I'm going to get to a couple of questions from the audience, from Dr. Laura.
Have these changes in menstrual cycles persisted when the exposure was only from shedding?
If so, for how long?

[SPEAKER_11]
Well, we don't have any data on that.
I don't think that we had that in our questionnaire.
Our survey with MyCycles said about 90 questions.
But reflecting back on that, I don't think any of them
involved duration of changes.
The studies that were done and sponsored by federal funding or pharmaceutical funding said it was one or two cycles, but I've had several patients that will be in our study actually that had procedures a year apart for persistent bleeding.
So I think that there's more to it than just a cycle or two, but I don't have a particular set of data points on that.
It's an industry question, very good question.
And I think it has to do with
more than likely for how long the spike protein has persisted in the system, which we know now according to the Yale study that about 50% of people are still producing spike protein up to two years after the most recent injection.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, there was someone that was over a thousand days that was not in the study I heard.

[SPEAKER_11]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_11]
That's chromosomal integration right there, or at least integration of the plastic into the nucleus of the cell from the contaminants.

[SPEAKER_10]
Question from to Aslan's country.
Will your research include the timing of the jabs prior to conception during the pregnancy and different semesters and the quantity of jabs?
What if the dad also had the jab?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yeah, we'll be we'll be collecting all of all of that information.
So we're going to be asking about and
Our pilot study, we aren't accepting either unvaccinated or vaccinated.
We're accepting all comers into that.
And so we'll get their medical history in terms of what their menstrual cycle was prior to.
We'll get the information as to how many jabs, what brand, the timing of that, all of that background information, and then we'll be able to tie that to the pathology for each tissue sample that's tested.

[SPEAKER_11]
And one of the things that kind of excites me about this amongst many things is that in the unvaccinated population, if we find that they have spike from the injection, but there's no evidence of infection, that's going to demonstrate a shedding phenomenon.
And also to that question, Livio, this pilot study does not involve pregnant women.
This is just women who've had menstrual disturbances, which will
kind of hand-in-glove put us into the reproductive studies thereafter.
We're just looking to understand why it's been happening at such a high rate post COVID injection era.

[SPEAKER_02]
How many can make people in the study?

[SPEAKER_07]
50.

[SPEAKER_11]
The pilot, yeah, 50 pages of the pilot study.

[SPEAKER_10]
Question from Green T369.
What can these post-menopausal women do?
Are they permanently damaged?
That's a great question.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, you know, I have a lot of people ask, you know, well, my daughter had two injections back in 2021 and now she wants to get pregnant.
What do I tell her?
And, you know, sadly, I don't really know how to answer that because, again,
Did she get a real injection?
Did she get a dud?
Is she still producing spike?
You know, so it would be similar with the postmenopausal patient.
I mean, we just, we don't have the answers, which is why the research is so important.
And sadly, should have been done way before we're going to get our pilot study, you know, published, you know, because maybe we could have, you know, somebody could have figured out an intervention at this point, you know,
But I don't know what the intervention is if he received a genetic injection that now has incorporated into your genetics.
I mean, I don't think there's anything you can take to undo that.

[SPEAKER_11]
No, yeah.
And this study actually, like you said, Kim, this should have been done prior to release of the injection.
This would have been a known side effect and should have been investigated long before the first non-volunteer received it.
It's disgusting.
I guess I used to live in this naive world.
I thought to myself years ago, if I was an FDA investigator, I don't think I could ever sleep at night because there's just no way I could ever put my stamp of approval on anything if I didn't know with 100% certainty that it was not going to affect reproductive organs or genes or other organ systems.
And I think there's a tremendous lackadaisical attitude towards that.
I know there must be some good people there.
But when you have a person in a public forum online, who's an FDA commissioner or examiner or investigator, I don't know what his exact title was when they were considering the injections, the COVID injections for, I think it was from five to 15 or 18 year olds.
And he says, we just have to give the injection to see what the side effects are.
I mean, you can't, there's nothing more responsible than that.
Sorry, go ahead.

[SPEAKER_07]
I was just going to say that they said we won't know until we give it to them and then we'll have to see what the side effects are.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.

[SPEAKER_11]
That's what the whole world got.
Let's give it first and see what happens next.
And we saw the effects before some of the patients ever left the injection site with anaphylactic reactions to the PEG, polyethylene glycol.
disgusting.
You kind of lose faith in allopathic medicine in general and your colleagues when they won't comprehend or at least verbalize what they're seeing and warn people.
It's scary.
Makes you wonder exactly what else we've been lied to about.
Thankfully, I'm sure
Kim is the same way.
I've never prescribed a brand new medication in my career until it's been out for a few years.
I just don't trust any of the data that's been reviewed now.
I've learned my lesson for sure.
I know the limited amount of scrutiny it must undergo to make it to the marketplace.
I will take care of it later.
That's what we saw with Vioxx, right?
They killed 47,000 Americans with heart attacks on the data.
And they just got a $2.3 billion lawsuit.
That's it, or a penalty from the DOJ.
They were free and clear to keep on making more medication.

[SPEAKER_10]
Cost of doing business.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, it was Dr. Eric Rubin.
Rubin, that's it.
Who said we're never going to learn how safe the vaccine is until we start giving it.

[SPEAKER_07]
That was to the 5 to 11-year-old group.

[SPEAKER_02]
Unbelievable.
And now that we know that it's not safe,
thanks to the Lattapo study.
Do you hear Eric Rubin saying, let's take it off the market?
I don't hear anybody saying it.
I don't hear McCurry saying it.
I don't hear Prasad saying it.
I don't hear Kennedy saying it.
I don't hear anybody saying it.
Not yet.
Not yet.
What if Charlie is not saying anything?
Yeah.
Like, where are these people?

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, I fully agree.
Dr. Biss, I was looking at the chat a while ago.
Am I able to share your presentation in the chat?
The link to that?
All right, I'm going to put it in the chat right now for those that want.
There it is.
The link to the presentation.
Thank you so much for being here.
Kirsten, can you remind our audience where they can find your work and how they can help you?

[SPEAKER_07]
Yes, abrg.org.
And we're also on X at ABR, Advanced Biological Research Group.
Thank you for this opportunity.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, thank you.

[SPEAKER_11]
Thank you so much.
Thank you guys enough for letting us discuss the important work we're doing and that right now with in addition to what's going to be coming, I'm really excited that we're going to open some eyes and put, I mean, what I tell patients
with Dr. Cole's participation here, what he's done so wonderfully over the past four years, literally put his career and life on the line, the slides don't lie.
They're objective findings.
And that's what we're gonna have coming through our study.
There's no conjecture here.
This is gonna be factual information.
Very excited about it.

[SPEAKER_07]
Here it comes.

[SPEAKER_10]
Oh yeah, let's have a say goodbye to Dr. Cole before he's dying out.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's noisy.
Thanks, guys.
Yeah, we're looking forward.
The cells don't lie, and we're going to see what shows up.

[SPEAKER_02]
How'd your daughter do?

[SPEAKER_04]
Good news.
She took first in her heat, and she'll move on to state next week.
Oh, wow.
Congratulations.
So it was worth it.
So good day.
Excited for her.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_10]
Congratulations.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you, Dr. Cole.
Fantastic.
What a great afternoon over there.

[SPEAKER_02]
At least some good news.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.
Well, thank you for coming on and we'll have you back later on in the year to follow up on how the study is coming along.

[SPEAKER_07]
Keep you updated.

[SPEAKER_10]
Keep us updated.
Thank you.
All right.
Everyone hang in there.
We got a fantastic interview with Dr. Tomas first coming up.
But right before I go to that interview, I want to remind everyone that we are a 501C3 and we operate solely on your donations.
And our mission only moves forward because of people like you.
Every webinar, every investigation, every story we share exists because of your support, our mission to amplify the voices of the vaccine injured, challenge the mainstream narrative and demand real medical truth and transparency.
and bring on fantastic guests like the ones we had tonight.
If you believe in this fight, I ask you to stand with us and support us every donation, no matter the size, fuels our movement and keeps the truth alive.
Go to vaxsafety.org backslash donate or simply text VSRF to 53555 to contribute.
And I thought I had the slide, but I don't have it handy here.
So text
BSRF 253-555 to contribute or go to vaxafew.org slash donate and let's keep the momentum going together.
Now, Steve, you had a great conversation yesterday.
I'm going to play the interview now before and then afterwards I'm going to come back and just sign off and announce next week's guest.
Any additional thoughts before we go to the interview, Steve, and sign off after that?

[SPEAKER_02]
You know, it's so troubling that this data is so troubling and all the other data coming out is so troubling.
And you're going to hear some even more troubling data from the Czech Republic.
And I just don't know what it takes to get these people to take action.
I mean, it's very sad what's going on.

[SPEAKER_10]
Do you have an optimistic outlook like Dr. McDyer at all?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, when I started this four years ago, I had an optimistic outlook.
I told my wife it'll be over in two weeks.
I remember that's right.
I'm becoming less of an optimist.
When Kennedy, when Kennedy was, when Trump won, that was good.
I had optimism.
When Kennedy got the nod for head of HHS, I had optimism.
You know, that was, that was the peak when, when Kennedy, and then it's, it's, it's not gone uphill from there.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah, there's a stagnation happening and we're still here fighting away and we're still being attacked.
Yep.
Well, let's go on with the interview with Thomas.
It's a fantastic interview.
So here we go.
Enjoy the interview, everyone.
Okay, Steve, we're going to bring on our next guest.
Thomas first.
Thomas, welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you, sir?
Hello.
Thank you very much for having me.
Great having you here.
I'm going to read your bio for our audience who don't know who you are yet.
We're honored to welcome you.
Dr. Thomas first is an assistant professor of applied mathematics at Palaki University in the Czech Republic.
With the background in mathematical modeling and data science, he is a co founder of the association of microbiologists, immunologists and statisticians.
Smith's is what it's known as an independent group committed to providing the check public with honest data driven insights throughout the COVID-19 epidemic.
In addition to his academic work, Dr. First is also a co-founder of D Journal, a modern day Somestat journal dedicated to exposing scientific misconduct and defending integrity in Czech science.
His commitment to transparency, scientific rigor,
and public truth-telling has made him a vital voice in the international conversation on health policy and data ethics.
Thank you for joining us all the way from the Czech Republic, Tomas, this evening.
I'm going to leave you with Steve and I'll be back a little later in the conversation.
Take it away, Steve.

[SPEAKER_02]
Tomas, good to see you and hey, on behalf of people everywhere, thank you to the Czech Republic for publishing record level data on what's going on in the country with respect to the COVID vaccines.
It is unbelievable that the Czech Republic is the only country in the entire world ever
to publish record level data on a vaccine.
Am I correct in what I just said?

[SPEAKER_12]
Hello, and thank you again for having me.
Yeah, it's kind of interesting that we were able to wrestle out of the Czech government individual record level data.
Well, they weren't too keen to give it to us, but in the end they actually did.
And I'm kind of surprised that other countries in the world have not done the same.

[SPEAKER_02]
So when you say surprised, you're actually not surprised that they haven't done the same thing because that would be data transparency.
And we all know that, so let me ask you this.
I have never seen a paper published in the peer reviewed literature that says that if you reveal the public health data to the public that that leads to worse health outcomes.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's true.
That's true.
I mean, it should be all transparent.
But they usually say that there is a problem with GDPR.
We have this GDPR legislation in European Union, which I hope you don't have in the United States.
So sometimes it's kind of difficult to
to publish record-level data because of anonymization.
I mean, for example, in case of children, if a child dies on a particular date, you can then identify who it was just by the date of death.
But the authorities have many possibilities to, for example, blur the data by giving you only the week or month or something.
So we keep bombarding them by FOIA requests and sometimes we get something.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, so if you knew that a 92-year-old died on a certain day, my gosh, that would be devastating for the 92-year-old, wouldn't it?
I mean, they would turn over in their grave.
It would cause havoc with their family to know that, oh, my gosh, the person who died on that date got a COVID vaccine on these dates.
That would be like,
I mean, like families would go berserk if you revealed stuff like that, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, I don't think this would happen, but it's a good excuse not to give you the data, right?
You know that.

[SPEAKER_02]
So yeah, they just come up with any excuse, however they can, to make sure that the public doesn't have the public health data.

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, they have actually two excuses.
One is GDPR and the other excuse in the track law is that if you file a FOIA request and you request a data that they don't actually have in this form, in the very form that you are requesting,
They can answer to you that they don't have the data in the very form that you wanted, and the law does not require that they do that.
So these are two things that they usually use to fend off any questions about the code.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so tell me about your study here because you're, were you using the record level data, you weren't using the record level data that they published for the vaccines or were you in terms of, because you have to have birth data to make the connection.
So how did you do that?

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, so let me explain.
We actually have at least two big data sets, which are very useful.
One of the data sets is a record level data, where for each person in the Czech Republic, we have the week of birth, week of birth, we have exact dates and batch numbers of all COVID vaccines, like the really exact dates, and we have an exact date of death, but we don't have the course of death.
So this is a unique data set that actually enables us to show the so-called healthy vaccine effect.
that there is strong association between the vaccination status and all-cause mortality.
And this association is there even if there is no COVID around.
So for example, in the summer of 2021, we were able to show that the vaccinated people, their all-cause mortality is like five times lower age-specific, is like five times lower than the all-cause mortality of the non-vaccinated.
which can't really be the effect of the vaccine because the vaccine is not able to protect you against a non-COVID death.
So this unique data set we were showing the healthy vaccine effect on.
This is a different data set that we were using now to show that there is an association between vaccination status of the mother and the probability that she will give birth to a child.
That's a different data set.
Which one do you want to talk about?

[SPEAKER_02]
Well, let me just address the healthy vaccine effect.
To my knowledge, there is no paper that has been able to properly do any kind of Cox proportional hazards type of compensation for the healthy vaccine effect.
So if you're going to do any kind of comparison with the
with the unvaccinated.
What you have to do is you have to look at the mortality of the unvaccinated and see how that mortality changes during high COVID versus low COVID.
And then you look at the mortality of the vaccinated and you say, oh, well, how does that mortality change high COVID versus low COVID?
And if the proportions are the same, then you would say probably that
Dang, it looks like there was no differential impact in the mortality.
Rather than to try to take the unvaccinated and do this Cox proportional hazards magical transformation, it's much easier just to compare the raw data of the unvaccinated and to say these guys are at this level.
Let's see how their mortality increased.
Oh, it went up by 30% during COVID.
Oh, let's look at the vaccinated.
It went up by 30% during COVID, in which case you would say that the vaccines didn't work.
Is that correct?

[SPEAKER_12]
Exactly.
This is exactly what actually we want to do, and I'm still looking forward that we get the data even with the cost of death.
Now, we don't have the cost of death.
So the only thing we can now show is that there is this huge variation in all cost mortality, not COVID specific.
in all cause mortality, depending on the vaccination status.
But what I am preparing actually to do is precisely what you are saying, I don't want to use any COX pH adjustments or controlling for confounders, because we actually know that even if you control for
as many confounders as you are able to get out of the authorities, the residual healthy vaccine effect is still there.
So I think that the best approach is exactly what you are describing.
And I'm right now in the process of actually writing the methodology how to do that, but still I haven't resolved out the data which have this specific course of that.
So this is still work to be done.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right, so I'm kind of curious just to get your opinion on this stuff, but it seems like when I read these papers and they use the Cox proportional hazards model to adjust things.
To me, that's and it's done in a COVID vaccine study.
This tends to distort the data and to give you signals that are not true and essentially gives people the excuse to
make adjustments to get the results that they want.
Do researchers actually do this or do they adjust the Cox proportional hazards coefficients based on honest adjustments?
Because they never show the adjustments, right?
In any of these papers that do these Cox analyses, they never show what the coefficients are.
Am I correct?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, I don't think that downright fraud is such a big problem in this studies, but if you go deep into inside the mathematics of Fox proportional hazards model, it has so many assumptions which are almost never satisfied in practice and no one talks about that.
I mean, there is basically the big assumption that the hazard rate for the treated group is just a simple multiple of the hazard rate of the untreated group, and nothing depends on time.
I mean, in case of COVID, it doesn't make any sense at all, because there are waves which come and go.
To me, the main little problem is that the assumptions of the model are almost never satisfied and almost never checked.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
And also there's this polling cast, the hungry study that was done.
Are you familiar with that study?

[SPEAKER_12]
I know about that, but I can't comment it on right now.
I don't know what it was about now.

[SPEAKER_02]
You can't comment on it.
Why is that?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, I don't remember it.
I don't remember.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, OK. OK.

[SPEAKER_12]
Sorry.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, because when I read that study, man, these things are so devious as to what they do.
And they'll say, OK, well, we're going to take the cohort during the COVID period and the non-COVID period, and we'll measure what the mortality is in the COVID period, the high COVID period, and then we'll measure the mortality in the high COVID period plus the low COVID period.
Instead of measuring the mortality in the low COVID period, why aren't they doing that?
Like, why are they lumping the two together?
There is so much being done in the literature that is so corrupt.
And of course, this stuff gets published by the journals, no problem.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yeah, because there are few people who actually do understand the modeling.
So I am the older I get the less I use mathematical modeling.
That's my major.
I'm a major in mathematical modeling.
I should be a mathematical modeling guy, but I am very careful with mathematical models and
In this whole COVID mess, I'm trying to show raw data, publish raw data and show.
I'm really using just pictures and no difficult mathematics.
Once you start modelling, then you can come up with almost anything.
And not only in Covid, I mean global warming is another nice example of that, running wild.

[SPEAKER_02]
And the stunning is the Lancet study, which modeled and said that, well, look, 20 million lives were saved.
And if that's complete crap, it's complete nonsense, complete nonsense.
That's a pure artefact.
And it's like, okay, well, wait a minute, wait a minute.
So in this model, like, did the vaccines kill people?
No, of course not.
Vaccines are perfect.
Like, and this stuff gets published.

[SPEAKER_12]
But you know, it's a kind of good news because the only thing that the COVID is left with is like the possible worlds.
What would be if they are left with the counterfactuals?
All the factuals actually point against them, so whatever is left is the counterfactuals.
So they have to come up with articles, what would have been if we wouldn't have vaccinated, right?
So it's complete nonsense.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so let's get to your study on where we're talking about conceptions.
And so clarify for the audience.
So what this means, basically, my understanding is that
You looked at vaccinated people and unvaccinated people, and you look at successful births.
So you looked at outcomes.
So you're not looking at whether it was conception or they lost, they had stillbirths and whatever.
There are various places that you can lose a baby.
You can you can lose a baby because you're not conceiving the baby.
You can lose a baby because you got to miscarriage.
And so those are the probably the biggest places where you can have a lower childbirth.
But what you're looking at is basically 100,000 women here, 100,000 women here,
How many kids did they, what was the number of kids born to that group?
What's the number of kids born to that group?
You're basically looking at the endpoints here in terms of you got 100,000 women and how are they doing in terms of producing offspring?

[SPEAKER_12]
Okay, let me explain.
Let me explain if I can.
I will share the screen because it's much easier to comment on the data if I can.
So let me share the screen and let me show to you first the dataset, actually.
So the dataset looks like this.
This is the original data in check released by the check authorities and I translated it.
So this is now publicly accessible through the preprint that is accessible.
So you can download it.
So I just plainly translated it into English.
And what we got is every month beginning January 2021.
Do you see what I am pointing here?
Can you see that?
Okay.
So January 2021 beginning ending in December 2023.
And we got each month the total number of birth.
So this is the number of children that were born in this month.
We know that these many children, okay, so let me do some other months, so for example here.
So we know that in
December 2021, there was 7,857 total births.
Out of that, 6,266 were children born to unvaccinated mothers, but unvaccinated at the date of birth.
Then we know that there were these many, if you add these together, so there were these many vaccinated women, 172 by those one, 1300 by those two and so on, but this is the vaccination status at the date of birth.
And then we know the last column, kind of a little bit confusing, is how many women, out of these who gave birth this month, how many women were vaccinated by any dose during pregnancy?
So what you can do with this data, you can actually estimate the number of women who were vaccinated before conception by subtracting women
If you take the women who were vaccinated at the date of birth, or birth of the child, and subtract women who got any dose during pregnancy, you get the lower estimate of number of women who were vaccinated before conception.
Just the lower estimate, because some women might have been vaccinated before conception, and then again during pregnancy.
So we can estimate these numbers and shift it by this nine month.
And what we get is this.
So if anyone wants to check the computation, it's right here.
Right here on this list, you can check the computation of the lower and upper bound of women who were vaccinated and unvaccinated before conception.
And then we produced a graph which looks like this.
So here in panel A,
You have the share of women who were vaccinated by at least one dose of any COVID vaccine by the end of the month, and these women are women 18 to 39 years old, so it's like the majority of pregnancies happen in this sport.
So this is the share of women who were already vaccinated by at least one dose at the end of the month.
And here in the bottom graph, it's kind of difficult to read, I have to explain.
Here is the number of successful conceptions per thousand women of the given vaccination status.
And since there is some uncertainty, because I showed you in the data that we are not
able to tell precisely who was vaccinated before conception and who not.
But you see that the uncertainty is only in 2021, because as time moves on, vaccination actually didn't proceed at all.
There is no more vaccination going on.
It stopped at like 65% of the cohort.
So as we progress to 2022, we see that the uncertainty went down.
And the important message is this, unvaccinated women are here.
So women who were unvaccinated before conception gave birth to approximately six kids per 1,000 women per month.
But women who were vaccinated before conception gave birth to around only four kids per month, per 1,000 women.
So the main message is this.
There is strong association between preconception vaccination status and the number of kids then born.
that's one piece of information which is very critical and it's missing because this kind of data was never released by anyone.
And the second critical piece of information is that in January 2022, the number of children actually abruptly went down.
So the total fertility rate of Czech population jumped down in January 2022 and kept decreasing.
So if you go like nine months back from January 2022, you get
some event in the spring of 2021 which must have caused the drop in total fertility rate.
And the second piece of information is this, that for some reason women vaccinated before conception gave birth to a much smaller number of children than we would expect.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so this should be an alarm signal.
This should be like ringing bells at the Czech Republic and the Czech Republic.
Health authorities should of course be telling women, do not take the COVID vaccine if you want to get pregnant, right?

[SPEAKER_12]
This is what I would do.
That would be my interpretation because my interpretation of this is that the association is proof from the data.
Causality is of course not proof.
But there is strong evidence for causality.
So if I was the head of Czech FDA, I would say be very careful and do not use COVID vaccines.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, I mean, you are on the side of caution.
So the question is, OK, you're now pregnant.
You have conceived, you're on your way.
Is it safe to get the COVID vaccine or is there a risk that if you get the COVID vaccine that you're going to be less likely to give birth?

[SPEAKER_12]
So you are asking about the safety during pregnancy of safe.

[SPEAKER_02]
Right.
In other words, you've shown that, hey, you shouldn't get the vaccine before you're pregnant.
So what is the answer to should you get the vaccine if you're pregnant?
You're already pregnant.

[SPEAKER_12]
Depends who you ask.
If you ask the Czech authorities, they will tell you yes.
It's safe and effective.
We just copied this from you.
So the Czech authorities keep actually advising for vaccination during pregnancy.
the Czech population ignores the authority and almost no one is getting vaccinated during pregnancy.
You can see the numbers here.
You can go back here.
And during 2023, this is the number of women vaccinated during pregnancy.
See that?
So it goes down, down, down.
And at the end of 2023, out of like 6,000 births, you have 20, 15, 10 women vaccinated during pregnancy.
So fortunately, Czech women are much smarter than Czech authorities, and they don't take the advice.
But from the data, I can't answer you.
The answer is not in the data.
We don't know.
We don't know.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK.
So I'll probably want to err on the side of caution since there are better ways to treat COVID-19 than vaccination.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, I still remember like time.
My mother tells me that when she was pregnant, the authorities would tell them, be very careful.
Even don't take like what you call it in America.
Don't take any vaccines, don't do anything.
Don't drink alcohol.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So something happened and we just lost common sense in this.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, this is the cold COVID insanity insanity.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes, COVID insanity.

[SPEAKER_02]
So is it fair to say that like, are you personally, have you been vaccinated for anything in your life?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, yes, yes, I have been vaccinated for all the childhood diseases because I'm still born under the communists.
and the communists actually didn't ask anyone anything so we had like mandatory vaccination and mandatory mandatory under the communists there was no like religious exemption or what didn't exist so I have all the vaccines or all the childhood vaccines which are
still mandatory.
It's a little bit less mandatory now that it used to be under the communists.
I don't really know whether these were the same vaccines as are used in America, probably not, because the communist bloc had its own pharmaceuticals.
We weren't buying anything from the United States.
So these are probably different vaccines than, for example, you are vaccinated with, if you are vaccinated with something,
But, you know, as COVID came, I managed to speak like between, so I managed not to get vaccinated against COVID.
But I do have all the childhood vaccines, I do.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so what was the last time you got a vaccine?

[SPEAKER_12]
Actually not too far enough because I do see my nose.
My nose has been bitten off by a dog, kind of a friendly dog.
So I got a tetanus vaccine immediately after that.
And I didn't refuse that.
I didn't refuse that.
I refused the rabies vaccine I was offering.
like three doses of rabies vaccine, so I told them it happened in Poland, so I told them in Poland that I'm going to get the vaccine into Republic and then I didn't talk about it.
But my tetanus vaccine is, do you call it tetanus in English?
It's okay, the word.
Tetanus, yeah.
Tetanus, okay.
So my tetanus vaccine is kind of fresh and I survived.

[SPEAKER_02]
You survived the tetanus vaccine.
Congratulations.
I'm not sure how safe that was.
Do you think that was a good choice?
I'm not sure.

[SPEAKER_12]
I don't know.
I don't know.
Actually, I didn't want to quarrel at the spot in the hospital.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, what?
You mean they were trying to mandatory give you the tetanus vaccine?

[SPEAKER_12]
Well, not really.
They were trying not to ask too much.
They said, OK, well, you got bitten by a dog, so you have to get a tetanus vaccine.
So I just didn't say anything so I could.
If I refuse since I was a foreigner, it was a foreign country, they wouldn't do anything.

[SPEAKER_02]
So has your trust in authorities changed over time?
Or like, did you used to trust the medical authorities?
What caused you to change your mind?

[SPEAKER_12]
That's a very good question.
Yes.
Yes.
I used to be like a law abiding citizen and I didn't question the healthcare authorities too much.
And then as I observed what is happening during COVID, then I started questioning everything.
And actually, if I knew 10 years ago what I know now, I think that my kids wouldn't have a single dose of anti-vaccine.
But I didn't know anything 10 years ago.
So I actually educated myself the hard way.
I'm glad for it.
And I still think that like childhood vaccines are the biggest Pandora's box of this civilization.
And I think it's going to be opened.
And I hear what people find there.

[SPEAKER_02]
You think vaccines cause autism?

[SPEAKER_12]
I'm a Bayesian, so I have probabilities on everything.
So in my head, there is some probability on the hypothesis that vaccines cause autism.
It's not close to zero.
It's not close to 100.
It's like 70 for me.
70% I would give for the hypothesis that vaccines are one of the causes.

[SPEAKER_02]
70%, you mean 70% probable or that vaccines cause 70% of the autism?

[SPEAKER_12]
No, no, I think that there is a 70% probability that the hypothesis that vaccines cause some autism is true.
This is how it, like the probability of the hypothesis.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, so if I were to bet, and I'll give you odds,
Would you would you take my bet like if I gave you 10 to 1 odds?
10 to 1 odds like 4 that means I'm claiming that it does and And your client and you claim that it doesn't and I'll pay you 10 times your money if I'm if I'm wrong No, I wouldn't take it.
Okay.
All right, so you're pretty you're pretty sure I'm right
This is kind of the way, you know, once money comes into it, you can, it has a way of finding truth.
Whereas if you just people ask people their opinion, they can say anything, but when it starts to be, you can risk your money.
So let me, and then it's like, well, kind of changed my mind on that one.

[SPEAKER_12]
There is actually a whole school of probability connected with the name of Bruno de Finetti, who wanted to actually establish the notion of probability exactly on this bed.
So we are very close to
A heart of probability theory.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
Yeah.
OK.
So is there anything else that people should know that you want people to know about these vaccines other than there sure are a lot more dangerous than the authorities are telling you?
And you definitely do not want to take any vaccines at all before if you're trying to get pregnant, you want to avoid COVID vaccines like the plague, which is something that the CDC isn't telling people at all.
What else?
If you were running the CDC, what would you be telling people?

[SPEAKER_12]
If I was running the CDC first, I would look into the data.
I would first look into the data and then start saying anything because
I'm still on the cautious side even here.
We have proven association.
We have not proven causality, because you can't really prove causality from observation retrospective data.
So I'm not telling that our work actually proved that there is causal association, that the vaccine makes you have less babies.
I'm careful.
I'm careful here.
And if I was the head of CDC, I would first release the data
Not only do the data analysis, I would release it to the public so that everyone can do their own analysis.
And then some people would come up with this idea, other people would come up with different ideas.

[SPEAKER_02]
So you'd say, hey, we think there's a safety signal here.
We just want to make sure we're going to look into it further, but it looks pretty bad.

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes.
Yes.
This is what I would say.
This is a safety signal and someone should look into that.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.
So, speaking of causality, let me just get into the one quick question here.
Are you familiar with the levy, a latter post study in Florida?

[SPEAKER_12]
Yes, yes.
I read through that.
It's very interesting.
I even had to comment on it somewhere in some Czech audience.
So it's very interesting.
It's very interesting.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay, but I would claim that there is a extremely high likelihood, like virtually certain, that the Pfizer vaccine is killing people at at least a 36% higher rate than baseline.

[SPEAKER_12]
I think that the study design is like very intelligent, very smart people.
It's very well done.
It's just about the best you can do in retrospective observation studies.
So it's very close to causality, but it's not there.

[SPEAKER_02]
Really?
Not there, huh?
Well, but if you combine that with things that you know from other studies, what do you think the chance that the Pfizer vaccine is safe is?

[SPEAKER_12]
Again, in the order of like single percent, five percent, something like that, something like that.
But I do want to see a prospective randomized, placebo-controlled, blinded study.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's not going to happen.

[SPEAKER_12]
It will happen.
I mean, with your representation now, with Robert Kennedy, where he is, it will happen.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, that'll be interesting.
Yeah.
Wow.
Be really interesting.
Placebo, a fair, actual fair trial and look at mortality as the outcome.
Oh, man.
That'd be pretty devastating.
Let me tell you.

[SPEAKER_12]
It will happen.
It will happen.
It has to happen.
And I think the Pandora's box has been opened.

[SPEAKER_02]
And then what will happen?
Will the medical community say, oh, hey, sorry about that.
We completely screwed up.
It looks like all of our studies and all of these mechanisms that we put in place for safety are complete bullshit.

[SPEAKER_12]
You know, this is actually one of my worries that if it really happens and if we find something really ugly in the Pandora's box.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, we will if we open it up.

[SPEAKER_12]
And we will, if you open it up, I don't really know how the American public will react.
I don't know.
I think that things could get ugly.
Yep.

[SPEAKER_02]
Okay.

[SPEAKER_12]
This is one of my worries.
This is one of my worries.

[SPEAKER_02]
All right.
Well, I'm looking forward to it getting ugly.
Let me tell you.
You know, I am living in the dream here.
And it's time.
It's time for people to wake up to reality.

[SPEAKER_12]
That's true, but on the other hand, I'm from Central Europe and we have seen so many ugly things in history, not too distant history, that I'm not looking forward to ugly things.
But sometimes I'm looking forward to truth.
Truth is inconvertible and we have to know the truth.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, and it appears that the Czech Republic authorities are not acknowledging
the data in plain sight.
Would that be fair?

[SPEAKER_12]
That would be fair, yeah.
Because we are labeled misinformation spreaders in Czech Republic, so whatever you say.

[SPEAKER_02]
Oh, welcome.
Hey, we can give you these shirts and make you an official misinformation super spreader as well.
We should actually have these official, we should have these VSRF official misinformation super spreader that you have earned the honor to wear the shirt.

[SPEAKER_12]
I'd like a hat, actually.
I'd like a hat.

[SPEAKER_10]
We'll have to send you some merch for sure, especially the misinformation super spreader.

[SPEAKER_12]
So actually, there is no discussion.
Whatever I say, they just say, oh, he's a misinformation spreader, so you don't need to read.
But you know that, right?

[SPEAKER_02]
Of course.
They never want to talk about the data.
It all gets into personal attacks.
But we actually, we tried to, we send it to six peer review journals.

[SPEAKER_12]
This study that I showed you with the, it's actually the first author.
We send it to six impacted peer review journals.
We got six rejections without review immediately.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
And what, why did they say they rejected it because their leadership is not interested in the topic?
Usually no reason, just an apology.

[SPEAKER_12]
But sorry, we can't publish it.

[SPEAKER_02]
Sorry, we can't even send it out for peer review.
Oh, man, this is how science works.

[SPEAKER_12]
Science and its best.

[SPEAKER_02]
Unfortunately, unfortunately, which is sorry.
Yep.
No, thank you.
Thank you for sharing your story with us.
It's awesome.

[SPEAKER_12]
Thank you very much for inviting me.

[SPEAKER_10]
Be sure to join us next week for another powerful and informative episode of VSRF Live.
We'll be welcoming Dr. Mark Galile.
who will share his compelling personal journey from suffering a devastating reaction to a flora-quan-loan antibiotic to reclaiming his health.
And we'll also hear from Dr. Ken Astolar, a pioneer in hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
He will reveal how this cutting-edge therapy supports cellular healing and offers hope for patients with both acute and chronic conditions.
You won't want to miss it.
And as we sign off tonight's episode, we'll leave you with our VSRF video.
We can't stop now.
We've come so far, but the road ahead is still long as you've heard tonight.
We'll take a moment to celebrate the victories, the voices, and the resilience that have brought us here.
Please consider making a donation to keep VSRF alive and thriving.
Your support is what makes this movement possible.
Visit backsafety.org, backslash donate, or text VSRF 253-555 to give.
Thank you for standing with us.
Thank you for joining us tonight and we'll see you next week.
Have a great rest of your evening and a great weekend.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_02]
According to over 12 studies, the vaccines are killing at least 15 people for every person that it might save.
And we're permanently disabling even more.
And for kids, I've seen the risk-benefit analysis.
We will kill 100 kids for every child we might save from COVID.

[SPEAKER_06]
You're describing
pure intellectual inquiry motivated by curiosity and concern, which is great.
But you're also doing this in a context, and the context is the spring of 2021, where you are not allowed to question the vaccine if you want to remain friends with people, if you want to be considered a serious person, if you don't want to be trashed on Wikipedia as you have been.

[SPEAKER_02]
The benefits for being a misinformation spreader, which means you are calling for data transparency and you're just looking for the truth, is that you have lifetime bans on LinkedIn, Medium, Twitter, two lifetime bans, Wikipedia, a strip of national caring award on my Wikipedia page.
The friends abandon you, country club won't take you, corporate boards tell you to shut up or leave, your scientific advisory boards quits and mess, and so on and so forth.
The former head of the Institute of Infectious Diseases is here in San Francisco promoting his new book on call.
You know, they found out that 98% of the people who got COVID in Santa Clara County were not vaccinated, found to save millions of lives.

[SPEAKER_09]
There's evidence of malfeasance at the Santa Clara County Public Health Department

[SPEAKER_02]
I will be filing a formal written complaint later today asking for an investigation.

[SPEAKER_06]
And so you spend your whole life gathering accolades, going to impressive schools, making a ton of money, being celebrated in the press, and you must know on some level, because you're smart, that if you start talking about this stuff, all of that is over and you're gonna be a thought criminal and people are gonna look at you sideways.
Did you know that?

[SPEAKER_02]
No, I had no idea.
I thought that if I told the truth and I let people know about the facts and the data that I had uncovered,
that people would basically say, oh, you're right.
This looks like a big problem.
We need to stop the shots.
And I told my wife after, you know, before I did this, I said, hey, this will be over in like two weeks.
I mean, the data is so clear that this is going to be done in two weeks.
And we're still at it after all this time.

[SPEAKER_03]
Don't take the vaccine.
When you're a nurse and you're forced to take it, to put food on the table?
Of course to take it.
Yeah.
You weren't forced to take it?
Yes, I was.
No, you weren't.
I was.
To hold my job, yeah, as a nurse.
Nobody tied you down and put a fucking needle in your arm.

[SPEAKER_05]
Angela is the powerhouse nurse for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.

[SPEAKER_09]
What these injured need is number one.
They need to be acknowledged.
They need treatment.

[SPEAKER_10]
Have any of the doctors seen anything like this before?

[SPEAKER_00]
No.
I've had multiple doctors tell me they've never seen this before that it's just a coincidence that it's happening to me now.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's a coincidence that it happened at the same time of the vaccine.

[SPEAKER_10]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
I've been looking at this data for two years and there is no benefit whatsoever from these COVID vaccines.
In fact, they killed more people than they saved.

[SPEAKER_01]
How are you maintaining your optimism?
What are your next steps and what are your personal fears and what resources do you have to continue to operate at this level when it's likely that the consequences will be quite serious?

[SPEAKER_02]
So what gives me hope is that people are realizing it because they're seeing the death.
25% of Americans know someone who died from the vaccine.
That's never supposed to happen.
That's never happened for any shots in history.
Look, in America, 42% of the people would join a class action against the vaccine companies.
That would be the largest class action in history.
You have to hold these people accountable for their actions.
