[SPEAKER_09]
and I recorded the club.

[SPEAKER_05]
Sometimes I feel I've got to run away I've got to get away from the pain you drive into the heart of me alone.
Shed seems to go out and away And I've lost and my line For I toss and turn I can't sleep at night Once I ran to you Now I'll run from you This tainted love you've given I'll give you all a boy could give you Take my tears and that's not nearly enough
now i know i've got to run away i've got to get away you don't really want to
I need someone to hold you tight And you think love is too great But I'm sorry I don't pray that way Once I ran to you Now I run from you This tainted love you've given I give you all a boy could give you Take my tears
Don't touch me, please, I cannot stand to break you Geez, I love you though you hurt me so Now I'm gonna pack my things and go Tainted love
Touch me baby, touch me baby Touch me baby, touch me baby Touch me baby, touch me baby

[SPEAKER_09]
Tonight on VSRF Live, we examine a growing but largely unspoken concern.
The safety of the blood supply in the era of mRNA technology will be joined by Dr. Clinton Oehlers, Vice President and Director of Media Relations for Safe Blood, an international organization educating the public about blood safety and helping patients access directed donations from non-MRNA vaccinated donors.

[SPEAKER_06]
with the rollout of the mRNA vaccine, those components are now in the blood.
The nanolipid particle, you know, drives the mRNA to throughout a human being system, and this stuff recirculates in the blood, right?
The mRNA gets kicked back out in the bloodstream, right?
It even affects the milk of breastfeeding mothers.
And what we're finding is that people who are having blood transfusions, even if they have not had the mRNA vaccine, are showing evidence of
all sorts of adverse reactions up to and including death, right?
We have cases of that.
And so what we do is we protect life and health and really even people's peace of mind by making blood available from non-MRNA vaccinated donors for anyone who needs a transfusion and wants it, whether they're vaccinated, unvaccinated, if they're vaccine-injured and don't want any further risk.
I mean, that's what we're doing and trying to help them.

[SPEAKER_09]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm Livio Sanchez.
Thank you so much for joining us this evening.
Unfortunately, Steve Kirsch won't be able to join us tonight.
He's tending to an unexpected personal family matter that needed his attention.
All is well though, and he'll be back with us next week.
Tonight on VSRF Live, we're taking on one of the most uncomfortable and least discussed questions in modern medicine.
What's really in the blood supply in the age of mRNA?
For most people, blood transfusions are treated as routine, something you don't question, something you're told to trust.
But what happens when patients no longer have clarity about what they're receiving?
And what happens when informed consent quietly disappears from the process?
Joining us tonight is Clinton Olers of SafeBlood, an international organization challenging the long-held assumption that all blood is interchangeable
and advocating for a patient's right to know and choose what enters the body.
As research continues to raise questions about prolonged spike protein persistence following mRNA vaccination, the stakes for patients needing surgery or multiple transfusions are growing.
At the same time, options that once protected patient choice, such as directed and autologous blood donation, are increasingly restricted or denied, often without public discussion.
This isn't abstract, it isn't hypothetical, and it isn't settled science.
This conversation is about informed consent, bodily autonomy, and who ultimately gets the final say over what flows through your veins.
Before I bring Clinton on, I want to take a moment to acknowledge someone very important to this community.
Our dear friend, Warner Mendenhall, who's a warrior attorney who has stood on the front lines fighting with us for the past five years.
Warner partnered with us on the COVID litigation conference, and when Americans were fired, silenced and coerced, he took on their cases when others wouldn't.
He has fought hospitals, universities, corporations, and government-backed mandates, often pro bono, to defend bodily autonomy, informed consent, and basic constitutional freedoms.
Now, Warner is in the fight for his life.
As he battles cancer,
Warner has spent years standing up for others.
Now it's our turn to stand up for him.
If you're able, we ask that you keep Warner and his family in your thoughts and prayers.
And please consider supporting him during this difficult time.
Janet will put his Gives and Go link in the chat.
Yeah, Warner's become a really dear friend and we are wishing him the best in the speedy recovery.
All right, let's get our special guest on for tonight.
Dr Clinton.
Oh, there's Clinton.
Welcome to VSRF live.
How are you this evening?
I'm doing very well.
It's great to be here, Livio.
It's great having you here, and I'm going to start off by reading your bio before we get going.
Clinton Oehlers earned his doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania.
He taught and conducted research at the University of Hong Kong early during the COVID outbreak, where he witnessed firsthand the initial institutional decision making and public health responses.
He later returned to the United States as the global pandemic response unfolded.
Clinton is currently co-authoring a collection of documented case studies with Dr. James Thorpe detailing serious injuries and deaths linked to mRNA exposure through blood transfusions.
He serves as Vice President and Director of Media Relations for Safe Blood.
Clinton, thank you for being here with us tonight.
And before we get started, I want to remind our audience, we will be having an audience Q&A.
So if you have questions for Clinton, please put them all caps in the chat.
and Janet will get me as many as I can get to tonight.
So Clinton, let's get started.
I want to first bring up and get started with, before we get into safe blood, what led you personally into this space?
You were in Hong Kong early in COVID.
What did you see there that shaped how you think about institutional public health decisions?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, that's a great question.
You know, one of the things we saw in Hong Kong was this huge spill that they were going to be building because there were apparently something like 293 deaths surrounding this new virus.
It wasn't even called COVID-19 yet.
It was just virus out of Wuhan.
And it was one of those things where you looked on the camera, on the TV,
And you're saying, what are all of these excavators?
I counted up, I think, 47 excavators working at once.
And you said to yourself, is it really this small?
Is it really like they were saying they were trained?
It didn't look right.
The CCP information didn't match what you're seeing on the screen.
But you know, at that time in our lives, we really wouldn't
question as much was we'd always give the benefit of the, you know, to the authorities, to the administrations that have all the experts, right?
And you would really be very cautious about saying maybe they're misleading us.
Right?
And I remember whenever it was all said and done how I felt like I really should have believed myself more on the conclusions I was coming to by looking at the evidence.
And of course, that was just a small tip in a large iceberg that unfolded where I began looking more and more at things that didn't make sense, the suppression of hydroxychloroquine, in particular in a study put out by the Journal of American Medical Association, JAMA.
It had certain conclusions, but it didn't look like it matched the data.
And sure enough, it didn't match the data.
The data from that study showed that actually hydroxychloroquine is very effective in the early days of New York, yet they reported the opposite.
They reported no statistical difference.
And in doing so, I believe the job is responsible.
And the authors of that study are responsible for consigning quite a number of people to death who would have been saved by that medication.
Then we saw the suppression of ivermectin, same thing again.
And in other cases, we saw randomized control trials designed to either under-medicate or over-medicate, such as that you were able to crease the number of deaths from either medicine so that they roughly matched the control group and say that there was no statistical difference.
So, you know, somebody had done history of science to
then and had such faith in the peer review process to see the kind of corruption that we're looking at and that we're seeing was, you know, it was quite startling.
So when safe blood approached me when we were starting in the U.S. in with 22, I, you know, said, well, this is a natural fit.
I'd be very pleased to come on and help communicate the science
to the media and people who need to understand it, because this is an important issue.
What's going on in the blood supply and how the blood supply is being affected secondhand by the mRNA vaccines through transfusions is something that we need to know about, that we need to predict against, that once again, big karma and their
really cronies in our bureaucracies, okay, and in our universities are gaslighting the public in regards to the sea of the blood supply system.

[SPEAKER_09]
So safe blood score message is essentially about informed consent in transfusion medicine.
It can in plain English.
Can you explain what does the average patient not realize about blood transfusion today?
Well,

[SPEAKER_06]
You know, the average patient is becoming more savvy in our experience because so many people know others that have either been injured or killed right after taking the mRNA vaccines.
And of course, you know, I think we're over 55% now who report that, right?
So as people are then going in for surgery, it's crossing their minds, well,
How safe is the blood supply?
If I enhance fusion, is that going to be safe?
So we get a lot of people protecting us who really haven't thought about this until they've gone in forgery.
But they're figuring out, and then everybody needs to know, is seeing all of these components circulating in the blood long after they were supposed to have disappeared.
We first saw that with the mRNA.
It was supposed to disappear in hours to maybe weeks.
Now Peter McCullough, they have a patient they're working with who has had mRNA in their system and slaving in the blood for over three and a half years since the last booster.
That was supposed to have disappeared.
The other components, like the spike protein,
gosh, Hurricane Shelley, who's an individual I know who's been nearly vaccine injured, she has had spikes circulating her blood five years now post her last vaccination and it's measurable.
Okay, they're measuring that spike protein still there.
That's the pathogenic part of the virus that now your body's been programmed to
duplicate and it duplicates at much higher levels than natural infection and for obviously for longer periods of time nobody with natural infection has it at these levels or for this long.
Now we can add to that the big rotations thanks to Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose working
these issues of the DNA plasmids in SV40 circulating in people's blood years after vaccination.
This shouldn't happen, right?
Particularly the DNA, right?
That strongly suggests or really demonstrates some type of integration or another, right?
The cells are reproducing the DNA.
And there's a couple of types of integration that could be whether it's
epizomal or chromosomal, we don't need one of that.
We just need to know that people are producing this much longer than they should be.
Okay.
And so the concern is obviously if that's circulating in the blood and you get a transfusion, that's being delivered to you.
And do we know how much is in any given unit of blood?
We know 70% of the blood on the shelf, roughly from the large blood banks is from mRNA vaccinated donors.
Now I was just talking to someone,
an MD very high up in the health freedom movement.
He's going, I have a friend who has had multiple adverse actions.
after getting the mRNA vaccine.
And he's like a religious blood donor.
He loves to go and donate blood.
He'd done that for years before he got vaccinated.
But he's having all these adverse reactions, yet still giving blood.
So this is a serious problem.
People need to be aware of it.
And there are ways to avoid that.
As you mentioned at the beginning of the
program.
What we do is we match donor recipients.
People can donate to themselves, autologists donation, and there's another thing called CellSaver, the CellSaver system.
If for certain types of surgeries, you'd be a candidate just to have your blood recirculated.
Now it doesn't work for cancer, it doesn't work if you're bleeding out, but open heart surgery, we just had a patient with that.
The hospital denied them
the right to get either a directed donation from a wife or friends and even to donate to themselves.
So I told that the wife in this case, get on that cell saver system, see if he can do that because then he can use his own blood.
There's nothing safer for you than your own blood.

[SPEAKER_09]
Well, you mentioned that the hospitals were denying use of their own blood or from family members.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, this is a very problem.
So
For example, we were first founded, started out of Switzerland by our founder George de la Pietra.
And that's because a naturopaths and others there were blood under magnification.
And they were noticing, wow, everyone coming in who's had the vaccine has these blood anomalies.
And you can actually, on our website, we have side-by-side pictures of this and a video showing it.
And that was a real concern because George had said, Clinton, I hadn't seen these kinds of
A constant of anomalies, except in like a state.
If this was people, just maybe these people were walking around.
And so that was back in August of 21.
So by September of 21, we're started.
Now, let's talk about the denials.
Okay.
One of the reasons we got started was because our founder had a friend who was denied his own blood, was denied an autologous donation.
In addition, you actually can't get safe blood services in Switzerland.
In Europe, we exist mostly as a form of resistance.
But here in America, at least at most hospitals,
you have the opportunity to get blood from the donor of your own selecting if you choose to.
Problem is that that's increasingly being, that right is being restricted or certainly was under the Biden administration and is continuation of that.
So this person I talked, just mentioned and spoke to the wife, that was just a couple of weeks ago in Texas.
Now there's lots of great hospitals in Texas where you can get blood of your own choosing and lots of great blood banks that you can work with, but some in some case hospitals in some case blood banks really refusing to do the direct donation.
In this case, it was hospital, even though the blood bank was happy to do it.
In other cases, we know of hospital being willing to, uh,
do the directed donation, but the blood bank that they contract with, I won't do it or create unnecessary obstacles.
So this is a freedom that we all really need to fight for, particularly for ourselves until hopefully out of the woods on all this.

[SPEAKER_09]
So how does safe blood work with the hospitals or the blood banks?
Do they contact you if someone needs safe bloods stock or supply?
How do you work directly with the hospital patients?

[SPEAKER_06]
It's a fairly simple system, which we put together because it was the most fast and efficient way to get blood to the people who need it.
And that's the matching system, a peer-to-peer mass system.
So you become a member of safe blood, and then if you need a surgery, a pre-planned surgery, then you can access our database and we put you much with members who are in your blood type in your area.
And these are people who receive no compensation for doing so, unvaccinated, un-MRNA vaccinated individuals who just, I want to step up,
and help, you know, my friends and neighbors by being able to give blood on demand should someone need it, who's a match with me.
They do this out of the kindness of their hearts, and we're very, they call them our, they're our donor members.
Some people are just, we'll say blood only to be donors.
You know, others, we have basically a $10 a month
charged to be a growing member, some people go yearly, some do a lifetime membership for a thousand dollars, but everybody's helping in some way because this is a much fight than just whether an individual needs blood, right?
We need the blood supply safe for
future generations to keep it safe for people that, you know, haven't barely heard of us yet.
And just that money goes to helping us word out, protecting more people.
So hopefully what I like to say is I hope none of our members, right, ever need a transfusion.
But that $10 a month they throw in or $1,000 for a lifetime membership, they're part of this fight.
And it's a big fight.
And then those who afford that who say, hey, I want to step up as a donor member because I didn't get the vaccine.
I mean, that's fantastic.
They increase our ability to fill these transfusion requests immeasurably.

[SPEAKER_09]
Is it hard to find unvaccinated donors?

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a great question.
Right now, it's not.
Will it in the future as more people become aware of the need for unvaccinated blood?
That's an open question.
What we're hoping and I think fairly confident of is that one of the problems has been sort of overpursuant.
of blood transfusions and so with other methods like volume expand other things that people can do we can at once reduce the overall need of blood on the system while at the same time we fill the need with unxinated donors for those who prefer them.

[SPEAKER_09]
How many cases have you found, I'm curious about this, where an unvaccinated person received a blood donation for surgery for whatever they needed and then started having adverse reactions or were found with mRNA in their blood and they didn't get the jab?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that's a great question.
So the study that I'm working on with the Thorpe and a number of other doctors who have started to say, we'd like to be co-authentic.
There's a real interest in this.
It's a very important issue, an important study for us to get out.
There we have several cases.
And that's not an estimate of what the oral percentage is, but what we need for this study are very specific cases.
Cases, for example, like, um, Alex in Washington state, where you had a child, somebody who is not a newborn has not received the mRNA vaccination.
And then after transfusion, they have complication that are particular to
the mRNA vaccines and the group that we've seen on those adverse reactions.
Okay, so in the case of baby Alex, that child died from a transfusion from a clot after transfusion from a clot that went from the knee all the way to the heart.
It's one of the long clots that was really never seen before the rollout of the mRNA band.
And the reason it started in the knee was because that was where the baby was transfused.
So when you have cases like that, you've got real smoking guns, right?
And that's the kind of clarity that you need to be able to establish something scientific.
Now, at the same time,
I've informally asked people where I am.
And what I found is sometimes people will become collaborators with us as medical doctors who have a clinic or just want to be connected with us.
I've asked the question, like, well, what made you seek us out?
Like one doctor said, well, I was just talking to somebody else's patient who I was consulting on.
And he had just had a transfusion.
He thought he was going to die from the mRNA vaccine adverse events that he was getting just from the transfusion.
He was having clotting.
This man literally thought he was going to die.
So I asked our founder, George, I said, how much are you hearing of this?
I hear it all the time here in Europe, Clinton, of people who say, I just had a transfusion, but then I had these complications.
You know, as we just started substack recently, because there's just so much interesting information to get out, not just on the issue of blood, but on all of these interconnected issues of health freedom, of bad medical studies, of how the system is corrupted, that we've started to substack for that at safeblood.substack.com.
Check us out there.
But this is where I do deeper dives and the kinds of things that we're talking about and it's very interesting comments I'm getting you know, somebody just said this this I think happened to my mother, right?
She was fine before she went in for surgery.
I had transfusions and now she's having all of these other effects that she never had before this transfusion and their typical
you know, mRNA adverse events.
So, so that means we don't know like we just don't know that the number plus there's other people like I think Nicole Shanahan is an interesting case and I hope to get to speak to her soon.
We had the vaccine, right?
But from the interview that I saw her and it sounded like all of her adverse reactions seem to occur after having a, almost a total blood
replace, and I think like 14 units, which for a woman of her size is probably about her all of her blood.
So that's, you see, that's a very interesting question of maybe somebody had a less dangerous lot and dodged the bullet, but then they get in the blood supply and these are all unknowns.
You know, I'm not trying to rate you're here.
I'm just trying to say we're looking around, we're observing,
And what are the risks that aren't being talked about that we need to be concerned about and we should be doing more research on, right?
The people who should be on our side the most should be the FDA, should be the big blanks, and they should be saying, yeah, we've got a problem.
We really need to find the answers so that we can protect people.
But right now,
It's like the 1980s all over again with the 80 AIDS crisis.
It's stonewalling by the big bund banks who insist that the blood supply is safe.
It's the FDA going outally along with this, rubber-sting it with its own state, basing this, you know, really on false assurances, just like in the days of AIDS, and on use of scientific studies that don't state what they claim.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, so these people are getting gaslet just like the vaccine injured, and they're getting their injury from a blood transfusion or a donor's blood.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yes, and the really unfortunate case here is a lot of these people who knew not to get the vaccine.
Like they reasoned or they said, I'm not taking terminal product.
It doesn't have the research behind it.
They recognize that they didn't need it.
So I'm thinking of a 63-year-old Dutch woman.
She asked to not get transfused blood.
They told her, that's nonsense.
The blood is completely safe.
She ended up dying from an embolism in her lung.
She also had clotting in her legs and embolism was a blood clot in the lungs.
So pulmonary embolism.
And her nurse reported it because her nurse felt this woman died from the blood fusion and the hematologist with over 20 years of experience actually put in
the system on when, you know, where you report on, it's like the various for blood transfusions in Europe.
She's in the system this because she said this was not a case really seen before from transfusion, right?
You shouldn't get menary embolism from a transfusion, according to this hematologist, right?
And in her experience, she said, this got to go in the literature, but the reporting system, but
There's a very common place where we've seen pulmonary embolisms and clots in the legs.
And that's among people who are seeing RNA vaccine.

[SPEAKER_09]
Meanwhile, I was looking up at some news stories that there's a national shortage of blood donors.
Like we're talking a significant amount of a shortage, according to the Red Cross.
And so we're in a little bit of a conundrum here.
There's a shortage of blood and also a shortage of unvaccinated blood.
What do you see?
How do we resolve this?
What do you see going forward here?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, let's let's say I'm very skeptical.
when you hear that there's a shortage of blood coming from, say, the American Red Cross.
Now, that's not to discount.
And I'll tell you why.
OK, but before I say that, that's not to discount the reality that there may be some drop off in blood donations for a number of reasons.
And I would say more people were vaccine injured, right?
Most of those people probably aren't giving blood if they're not already feeling healthy, right?
So then you've got other people who've really lost faith in the system.
I hear this all the time and we'll be able to say, I used to give blood all the time, but now that I know how corrupt this is, they're fed up because of the gaslighting with mRNA and they're not going to help out the American Red Cross with my blood.
You know, that's not something I'm saying people do or I encourage.
I think blood into the system, especially healthy blood from unvaccinated donors is great.
Also, please join up with us.
But there's a frustration and a sense of rail among people that I do think is, I suspect, is affecting that, how many blood don't sing.
But let's get to the real bottom line.
OK, the bottom line is, in most cases, money, right?
One of our major exports in this country is blood products.
I mean, Livio, do you know how many billions of year we export in blood products?
No, I don't.
I don't.
Yeah, it's huge.
It's 24 billion.
It's 2.65% of our national exports, our blood products from plasma,
you know, VIG, Botox is a blood product, 24 billion, okay?
So when they're saying there's a shortage in the blood supply, what they're talking about is a shortage of their supply chain for some very significant profits.
Okay.
And that I'm afraid is really what drives all of this.
So if they're misleading us about what the shortage really is because of their profits, they're also misleading us about the safety of the bus supply for their profits.
They're also misleading us about
the even things to scare people in thinking that directed donations aren't as safe as blood off the shelf.
It's really it's lies upon lies in order to maintain the security of
you know, this financial cash flow that has been set up really by big blood.
And it extends to the level of state legislatures in the government, right?
Because the states now are putting forward legislation to protect people's rights, to get directed donations and to donate to themselves.
And
Unfortunately there, I testified in Wyoming with state legislature there, and we're constantly opposed by the big blood banks, and we constantly see dirty tricks occur.
Not that I'm going to say it happened in Wyoming, but we have seen it in Texas and elsewhere.
These dirty tricks at Kentucky, dirty tricks that occur to get the legislation off
the slate or to lay it from going forward until it's impossible to get it through with aspiring even, or I should say especially when they know that the votes, they've got the votes both houses.
We had that in Texas last year.
The bill was a slam dunk success.
because it was obvious people should have this right.
This is an unquestioned human right that's always existed.
It's never questioned until the rollout of the mRNA vaccines.
And I mentioned Switzerland in Europe.
You could get direct infections in Europe, totally uncontroversial, until the rollout of the mRNA vaccines.
So in Texas, this was a slam dunk case.
There's other people that are injured by not being able to receive blood from people that they choose.
than just people who are trying to avoid this mRNA vaccine.
It's a much bigger issue.
You know, people with sickle cell anemia or what's called a beta thalasamia.
Oh, gosh, I took, I took down some of my notes because we had to do a reboot before the thing here.
Ritically, a beta thalasamia.
Sorry.
Okay, beta thalasamia.
And
You know, that's where there's two girls in Texas.
They testified for this legislation and they lack the ability to make red blood cells.
So they have to get transfusions once a month.
And for 10 years, they were getting their transfusions and had robust health.
And then the blood company, their Carter Blood Supply, decided that they were gonna stop all of directed donations and these girls would have to get their blood off the shelf.
And that resulted in a significant decline in their health.
Because as you can imagine, they need blood from as fresh as possible, right?
Because blood lasts about four days.
So if you're getting blood that's on its 39th day,
good blood as you get blood that just came out of a donor through, you know, this week.
Okay.
So then there's all of like antigens that need to be matched and all that.
So those parents had carefully gone through getting
a set of donors who could regularly give who were a match.
You had to go through, you know, over 100 donors just to get the championship for one of the girls or both of the girls, right?
So there's a lot of research that went as they were getting their blood for 10 years and then suddenly it's cut off.
and their health declines.
And then they started getting other things, like one of the girls gets fever, blister lips now from the herpes simplex virus.
So there's other people.
This is a much larger issue of all of our health.
just beyond whether we're concerned about the mRNA vaccine, which we should be.
But that bill, slam dunk, right?
It was obvious that these girls should not have their rights violated in such a way as this.
And the votes were in the bad both sides.
But
Going between chambers, some foul play came into play.
I'm going to say allegedly, allegedly, where someone just forgot to send the bill forward to the next house.
And by the time the air was uncovered, it was too late to deal with it that session.
So looking to bring that legislation back, this session in Texas also, I was just told by a good friend who really running point on all of this.
that Oklahoma and Iowa now have bills of this kind.
But so it's very important, people, we need to be engaged in making sure that these rights are protected at the state level, and eventually we're going to need national policies.
And of course, one of the national policies I'm working with directly is to get that FDA statement or that false FDA statement from October of three.
that claims that there's no need for directed donations and tries to make it sound as if directed donations are actually riskier than
than general blood off the shelf, which of course is so deceptive because the study they rely on actually shows that it's not riskier, that it actually does the public good of times you get people who come into the system and most, you see most of them doing directed donations have never donated before.
So on occasion, they don't know, wow, I had to see, I didn't know that, right?
And that's screened out, right?
So it does a, you know, in some cases the directed donation actually does a public good of screening people out of the system and helping them go and get help that they need that they didn't know they needed.
And of course, the FDA at the behest of the big bloodbanks try to twist that some into a public health harm.
But that's, you know, that's what we're dealing, and I know that's what you and Steve have been dealing with constantly.
The twisting and misinformation put forward
science with pretended scientific authority.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's troubling.
All everything you're saying is so troubling.
And I want to actually go back to the case in Texas.
Is there any legal recourse for that family if they were getting direct transfusions and then told they had to get it off the shelf?
And their health changed?
Any legal recourse for anyone under these circumstances?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, I mean, it's a troubling thing.
That's when you need these protections.
What you can do is you can go to a different hospital, but it's not always that easy, right?
Like, for example, I just spoke with a woman in Ohio who was awaiting a bone marrow transplant, and she
was regularly getting transfusions if blood levels got low.
Well then, a memorial blood test in Minnesota, which covers most of Minnesota and northern Wisconsin,
they decide we're not going to be doing directed big donations at the level that we're doing.
They really were strict.
Now we're told from insiders that they actually did that largely because of her case and others.
So the inside story allegedly is that the director there looked into it and said, why is there the sick and directed donations?
Found out the calm denominator was that the directed donors were all non-MRNA vaccinated and changed the policies.
told me that and she had learned this from someone on the inside of the hospital who warned her said you you've got to figure something else out because they're changing policies to exclude you so she then went had to get her in Florida should go to Florida right it's the southeast is great for Georgia
South Carolina, North Carolina, the Blood Bank One Blood is the primary blood bank here, and they're very good on directed donations.
And so a shout out to them for having patient safety so at heart.
But so this woman comes to Florida, but this is the tragic part was I asked her well How are you doing now?
Are you going to be able to go to Florida if you need another one?
And she said no unfortunately now.
I'm really too sick to travel.
She said so
I don't know what I'm gonna do, but I'm just hoping that my blood levels don't drop where I get that transplant.
So this real hardship and real harm that's being done to people, I mean, a family from Washington denied the parents, denied blood from a parent to a child.
I mean, that's not right at a children's hospital.
That's just standard if parents want to donate to their own children.
This family had to go to Pennsylvania.
Okay, so see the kinds of workarounds people are having to do.
I mean, they're having to do actually medical tourism within the country of America, right?
That shouldn't be necessary, right?
I mean, it's what Canadians have to come here or Europeans are having to do medical tourism in our own country because hospitals in some states are so adversarial on this.
That shouldn't be the case.

[SPEAKER_09]
Have you ever, have you been able to engage with HHS or Secretary Kennedy with any of these issues?

[SPEAKER_06]
No, that's what we're working on.
I mean, we have, you know, actually communicated to him through other.
I do think that they've had so many front burner issues and so much.
Uh, you know, internal resistance and they've had to work through it.
I have not expected to, um, really bring this under into focus, uh, early in the administration, right?
I expected this to be something they would focus on perhaps later.
in the administration.
But this FDA statement that just was brought to light really a couple weeks ago, it was quietly put up.
The blood banks have been using it and hospitals have been using it who don't want to do the donations as a justification for denying this right to patients.
That needs to come down and we're very confident that we will be able to reach out to Dr. Marty McCary, who is a commissioner and he will quickly see the.
you know, the wrongness of this because, you know, he wrote in 2024, he wrote a bestseller called Blind Spa and chapter six is called Bad Blood.
And it's all about the AIDS crisis.
But one of the things he focused and how the blood, the harms risks to the blood supply
were so blatantly disregarded when clearly there was danger.
And he goes back and recounts all of that, isn't it?
You know, we're always saying that history doesn't repeat itself, but it rhymes.
You read that chapter and I'm telling you what, I mean, that's such a rhyme, it's like really, it's repeating.
And so,
I think there's probably one who's a better FDA commissioner to approach on these issues than Dr. McCary, and he writes about all the tricks.
I mean, this book is fascinating, and it's a real horror story in some ways of how groups think
just takes control of medicine and it's the same story over and over how many issues whether you know cholesterol or the blood or hormone therapy during menopause that where
There was actually clear science that favored or disfavored, and this science was just misunderstood, misrepresented, but the whole medical community basically gets on this.
And there's always a few outliers who say, this doesn't make sense.
And they're generally suppressed or punished, and it takes a long time for that to come to light, often decades.
And so his book is all on that, so that medicine can run better and more efficiently and more truly scientifically.
And so I think that will be really an easy win there, because it's very easy to demonstrate that this statement from the FDA
was a real a wag the dog kind of thing.
It's the blood banks controlling the FDA.
It's regulatory capture by big blood.
It's not something the FGA just out and said, oh, here's something that we're concerned about and we're going to put advisory of it.
It clearly was the other way around.

[SPEAKER_09]
What kind of studies or new studies do you propose could help further with the data that shows and proves what's happening here?
What kind of studies do we need to have done?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, that's a great question.
Okay.
Wow.
So there's just so many, right?
Well, for one thing, one thing I'd love to see, you need to get testing to come online that where we can actually test the blood before it goes into a patient, right?
That does test.
I know that those tests are in development for spike protein.
They'll be able to detect other things too.
But what we need fast, highly reliable, so highly accurate,
and cost effective, you know, affordable testing.
That way people could advocate for their loved ones and for themselves and patients and say, before this blood goes into me or goes into my child or goes into, you know, my wife or husband, I want, we need to know what's in the blood, test it.
Because we know that spikes a pathogen, the spike protein is a pathogen.
And it's circulating in blood of a certain quantity of the population, right?
How many, to what levels?
We don't know, but that would be an immediate measure that we could take.
That would,
that also helped take care of this problem of getting blood in emergency situations.
That's safe.
And I'll talk about that in a second, because that's a whole other big talk.
But I do want to answer quite a lot of research.
So with kind of testing, we could do an amazing amount of research.
Like, for example, I said, I was hopeful, beyond in this, that maybe this was going to be like a five-year bump in the road for us, that people got the mRNA vaccines.
realize these were bad, the people would stop getting them, and then it should be how fast did the human body bounce back?
When did the baby things normalize?
Unfortunately, because of what we opened with, the being of this kind of nation with the DNA plasmids and these other things that we know for a certain percent of the population,
bouncing back is, is not happening or is going to take a real long time or the bounce back might be a relation kind of bounce back to safety in another generation.
Right.
You know, as Paula said, he said that the window on this has now gone out more like 10 or 15 years.
Okay.
So
But earlier on, when I was more hopeful, it still applies.
Like if we have this kind of testing and start doing research, we can track what's the real level of risk in a blood supply.
Right now, we're flying blind.
That's why I'm saying the blood bank should be the one's most supportive of this kind of thing.
Of course, they're also with the most, unfortunately, financially to lose.
But we don't want to be flying blind.
We want to know what's the general risk among the blood
in total, and then what's the specific risk of any unit of blood coming patient.
So we need research there.
I'm also very interested to know the process by which we make blood products.
Your packed red blood cells, you've got the frozen plasma.
Like these different products that are being used, do some have less quantities of
the dangerous components of the vaccine, right?
Do some have more?
Does how we separate the blood out and making these products affect that?
I mean, they're going somewhere, right?
Like if you have a vaccinated patient that has high levels of this,
right, who's then donating plasma or their blood ends up in the packed red blood cells.
We have to assume that those same particles are being carried along, but do we know that they're the same in these different products?
We don't.
That would be very good to know.
I mean, what if it turned out that one of these products was safer than these?
I mean, that would be fantastic to know, but we know it because the research isn't occurring.

[SPEAKER_09]
they don't really have an interest in doing the research, it sounds like, because they might have to throw out a whole bunch of their supply.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, that, and that's what went on in the 80s too.
I mean, what's terrible is the company that, that previously was, when we go back to Texas, Carter Blood there, they were owned by a
They were a different company.
They ended up changing.
You know, this happens in medicine where big pharma gets caught doing something wrong.
But it's like the vaccines all over again.
I think with the DTAP, right, found it was harmful here and it was disallowed.
Did they just destroy it?
I mean, you know this story.
What happened to the DTAP vaccine?
Right.
They sent it to Africa.
They moved it to another country.
They moved it to another country.
They didn't destroy.
They didn't take that loss.
Same thing with the blood in the 80s.
Well, you can't use it here.
Okay, so destroy it.
I mean, no, look, not everybody just shipped it out, but some did, right?
They said, well, we're not allowed to use in the US.
So we'll just put it to another market.
They sent to South America.
I mean, so this is what we're up against.
When you have people who are that
I don't even know what the word is, but when they're that lavish to their own profits, when they're not concerned about profits, and so unconcerned about the harm that you do the other human beings, a really serious problem.
But that's what we're up against.
You know, Tom Renz, I've come to know him well.
A lawyer out of Ohio has done so much work with medical kidnapping and is really behind us on the topic of the blood.
I spoke with him.
after a talk that he gave at a health conference we were at together in Cleveland.
And just one of the things that stood out was he said, we have to remember who our enemy is.
What like?
Our enemy is someone who will form children for profits.
They will let children die, kill children.
for profits.
And the thing I'd add to that is that, you know, way he was too kind, right?
They'll kill children painfully for profits.
This is what everybody needs to understand and look at it face on.
That's who the bad guys are in this.
You know, Pfizer tried to hide this data for 75 years.
When they did the child trials, why did they treat Maddie to Gary so horribly when she had these severe
uh vaccine reactions that they were supposed to they had come to in the country to help her if there were any reactions.
Instead they uh they gas alerted her they pretended that it was psychosomatic that it uh they they then uh sent her to a psych ward penalized her if she wouldn't do things like walk and all these things that her body couldn't do they'd claim that she was being
uncooperative, right?
Now, why do they do all that?
Well, it came out that the reason was that the study was small enough that if you had one child with a kind of major adverse reactions that she had, it would have scotch the whole thing, okay?
So they know what they're doing, right?
I mean, look at how the FDA pushed this through for young children under five.
I mean, the
The basis for their doing so was frightening.
Yet they did so.
They rubber stamped it.
This is under Biden administration.
Hopefully we've got new shares in town.
But it does.
It shows you the nature of the enemy.
Or look at the studies out of when they wanted to prove that Ivor Mekden
or hydroxychloric doesn't work.
What do you do?
You go to Brazil, apparently.
And then you either do a study that gives hydroxychloric when levels so high that they'll be fatal in a certain amount of the population, or you underdose with ivermectin so much that a certain number of your participants are still going to die from COVID.
And then you can say, oh, there's no statistical difference between non-medication.
As you killed, that you killed the people in your state, this is murder by randomized control trial.
And I'm not, this, this is what I'm saying is the sensationalism.
This is literally what went on.
So, uh, you know, why, why did Fauci?
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
If you have remectant studies, they waited like seven days to start giving him ivermectin.
Yeah.
And then they, they only gave it to them for a small amount of time while it was too late, but that was what proved their studies.

[SPEAKER_06]
40% of the time that you're supposed to take it, they, they gave, they reduced it.
So they only got 60% of the proper dosage for 60% of the time.
And then they didn't, they were told to get it on empty stomach.
Right.
Why?
Why?
Because they know that you're supposed to take ivermectin with fats.
It's like if ivermectin have a, have a basket of fries, right?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
So, you know, I wanted to ask you, uh, you are particularly concerned about pregnancy and newborn exposure through transfusion.
Can you talk a little bit about that?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And, you know, baby Alex wasn't the only case.
Now that case is so tragic because the parents did understand their baby might be at risk and it actually arranged.
uh, donors for the baby, but it was during a preliminary surgery that the doctor in that case decided to top off the child's levels, top them off.
And that, that led to that.
But, um, there, another baby, uh, rad giver.
You know, in the other thing that we've seen a lot of, right?
Myocarditis in children.
Like how often you see myocas in children or infants before 2021?
Like very, you know, Peter McCullough would tell us virtually never.
I mean, people go their whole practice and never see a case or maybe see one case.
So baby Radgiver, the mother perished in childbirth.
We were able to save the baby, but the baby needed a blood transfusion.
and then a few days later died from the complications of myocarditis.
So yeah, we want to protect trans, or obviously infants with their brand new immune systems.
But what was the other question you said, infants and what else?

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, infants and pregnancy.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, pregnancy.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So really important, uh, public service announcement there for pregnant mothers.
So, uh, James Thorpe, you know, he's a renowned, uh, obstetrician has said, please Clinton, whenever you're out pregnant and mothers know,
that there is a way you can protect yourself in a possible emergency if it happens during delivery.
So delivery is a situation where you can at least recognize there might be a higher level of risk urgency than just normal daily life.
So what women can do is they can donate to themselves.
You can donate, you have to talk to your doctor about how much you can donate and when, but at least a unit, you can donate to yourself ahead of time so you have some blood on hand should you need it.
It depends on the person and how many weeks out before you need the blood that you can give it as to how many units, but that's something a woman can do.
And then, and even if you're doing a home birth, right, you have your blood waiting for you at the house be transferred to in case of emergency home birth.
So we want to get that word out there.
That's autologous blood donation.
And that's one reason we want to make sure that that, that right's not infringed.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that would be seems pretty smart thing to do if you're pregnant to get that in advance.

[SPEAKER_06]
It'd take us to to that question of emergencies, right?
Because I'm so.
Because that's really the only way you can get blood in an emergency is if somehow your emergency were, say, within that one month time period in which you could donate yourself, right?
Because blood only has that limited shelf life.
And that's a big thing I want people to know and understand and really get on with this on whether you become a member to help us with this or you are just aware and active at your state government level.
are helping to help bring a burden, you know, national pressure.
But right now in this country, virtually nobody can get mRNA free blood in an emergency situation.
Okay.
And I'll tell you why I'm saying virtually and why it's really nobody.
Okay.
So I tell people, I drive very carefully.
Like I drive like a grandmother now.
because I'm sharply aware that if I were to need emergency blood, it's coming off the shelf.
And the only reason that that's happening is that the blood of banks do not track and segregate mRNA vaccinated donor blood from non-vaccinated donor blood.
Now, we know they have this information, so when I say they track it, don't track it, I mean, perhaps they track it, perhaps that's significant to them for their resale for the blood products industry.
Don't know the answer to that question.
All we know is not tracking it as it pertains to you.
You cannot ask and find out the provenance of the blood that you're going to get in an emergency if you're bleeding out and need a transfusion.
Okay.
So we have to have national policies that come in to address that problem at the very least.
Okay.
And then labeling is something that's determined by the FDA, right?
So the FDA needs the cord with this as well.
And we need to get labeling on the blood so that
And I believe that the non-mRNA blood should be reserved primarily for emergencies.
Because if you got a planned surgery, you can take care of it through safe blood or through your own network, right?
Of people that you know.
But in an emergency, nobody can get it unless this happens.
And that should be reserved for people who say, look, my preference is my right of fully informed consent is that I want blood from
and not an abated donor.
And that could be possible, but it's not happening yet.
Now, what are the virtual emergencies that you might be able to protect yourself?
That's why the CellSaver system is so important.
It actually costs the hospital less money to do CellSaver than to give you units of blood.
But they will not, in our experience, hospitals do not just inform patients about that.
So you need to be informed through venues like this that you can ask for this.
And that recirculates your own blood.
And as I said earlier, nothing's safer for you than your own blood.
And that happens during surgery.
And like I said, it's
happens that there's surgeries that it can work for, some that it can't.
Like if you're insurpatient, then they wouldn't want to recycle your blood because that could reintroduce potentially cancerous hazards.
But something that you want to check in, if I found out, for example, that I've got to get a surgery two days from now, they're like, well, Clinton, you got a serious problem.
You need surgery two days from now, tomorrow.
Say, OK, do you guys do CellSaver?
Am I a candidate for that?
Obviously, if I'm bleeding out from like some internal sir or something, you know, that's not going to work.
But yeah, but that's the fastest.
We can't process blood that fast, right?
So we'll match you.
I think the fastest we've ever been able to pull off is four days.
That's because
That's not because of our matching system, right?
We can match you with people very quickly, but then the blood bank is going to have to process that.
You know, the blood needs to be obviously tested for pathogens that you would not want in your system.
There's a processing system that goes through.
So that can take anywhere from two days to longer to none.
the blood bank is.
And I mean, it should really, it's this another issue that hopefully will be addressed.
I mean, when Dell Big Tree went to Mexico to get blood that he needed because he was in this situation with a bleeding issue back, I think it was in 22, right?
Right at the end of all this, where it was early enough to know, I don't want blood from the
general population, but too early for him to confess, he basically got a plane took him to Mexico, but they processed his wife's blood for him just in the matters.
So I think the process could be much speeded up.
Uh, and that would certainly help more urgent situations, but this is obvious.
So this is a big thing.
Now we're talking about the whole hospital system and, you know, and I don't know how things are different here than they are in Mexico because we need to look to, uh, in the future.
But again, if I were tomorrow, you need to go in for, for, uh, surgery right away.
So say the first thing I'd want to know about.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
Yeah.
And your average citizen is unaware about any of this, like the mRNA and the blood supply and why that's a problem.
Um, cause I think it is going to take citizens like us to actually make change at the local level at ourselves, asking for, for this, for uncontaminated blood.
So I've got a bunch of questions.
I'm going to start throwing in some audience questions in here.
And the first one's from C. Jennifer.
How long is blood viable?

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, that's it.
We're looking at roughly 40 days.
But remember, it loses its vitality, the older it is, which is also now raising a question of what's, you talked about that shortage.
There's the blood supply shortage, right?
Supposedly.
Where is all this blood going?
Like, is the best blood segregated out for the, you know, the paying?
industries that are responsible for that large amount of $24 billion.
Because we do have to ask the question, why do those two girls in Texas experience so many problems after getting blood off the ship?
I really feel that's a canary in the coal mine situation where most of us wouldn't know that we were getting substandard blood.
They're highly sensitive to standard blood.
why did they have all of the stuff occur once they went with the general supply?
To me, that suggests, well, you know, it's kind of like, at the very least it's like milk on the fridge, right?
The grocery store is going to put the stuff with the closest expiration date forward so that it clear, you know, they get it done before it would have to be wasted.
And then, you know, you'll see like, people come and reach all the way to the back and check that they really want to get a couple of extra days, right?
But, uh,
I'd be very interested to know for every able to get to the, what's actually going on in the blood supply, such that these girls were so affected.
But that is all tied to your question of, you know, how long does blood last?

[SPEAKER_09]
And we say roughly 40 days, 40 days.

[SPEAKER_06]
Great question.

[SPEAKER_09]
Thank you.
Dytin Tom question.
Is the American Red Cross still trying to hinder your efforts at safe blood?

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, the American Red Cross, very interesting.
Around July of 24, we really started to see some changes.
So remember I mentioned the blood
donor, the blood bank network, Minnesota, right, that happened around July of 24.
At the same time, in July of 24, we had a member of ours, you know, Ohio, who needed blood, saying she was running into trouble because of some forms that were being required.
So, the story is, is the American Ross started requiring more paperwork for a directed donation.
Turns out, here's the paperwork.
If you want to get a donation from, let's say, your best friend is a blood match, perfect match, they're happy to give you blood.
And you need four units.
So you need four or five or maybe six people who are willing to do it.
You need a little bit of redundancy.
So you'd say, well, here are my blood donors.
And let's say you need four units and you've got four people lined up.
They then instituted a paperwork requirement that says your doctor, who signed off on all this, has also got to call each and one of these donors.
and explain to the donors risks of directed donation, not to them, but to you.
And there's certain cases where there are potential risks depending on, these are things that are tested for.
And these aren't greater than any other risk in the blood supply generally.
And it can't be the doctor's assistant.
It's got to be the doctor who does this.
So you can only imagine this affects doctors.
If they're not busy enough already, especially with owner's paperwork, thanks to Obamacare regulations, now they're going to call.
And they're probably going to have to call repeatedly.
So they're not doing it.
Also, they're saying it's a hippo violation.
We don't have a relationship with the donors or relationships with our patient.
So as a result, they weren't doing the paperwork.
And then just for a matter of paperwork, couldn't get her blood.
Now she obviously had blood transfusions because she's again, she's similar to this case of this woman in Minnesota where she's got an ongoing case of needing blood.
Previously, not a problem at all.
Now she's stuck.
So I called the American Red Cross to find out what was going on.
I wanted to know if it was a national policy and I also kind of wanted to pinpoint the date.
So the woman at the Red Cross who is handling the directed nation department who answered my call explains to me, it is a national policy, but it's new.
It's the same policy they've always had.
Well, I mean,
and leaked the documents, right?
This patient sent me the paperwork so I could look at it and analyze it.
is I'm looking at it in my hand, but she doesn't know this at the Red Cross.
So I said, well, look, I know it's a new policy.
I'm just curious when and if it's nationwide, you answer that.
And she said, well, she then proceeded, I could tell she didn't want to let me off the phone until she had convinced me that it wasn't a new policy.
And I thought, this is really odd, right?
So at first I thought she's just low level employee who doesn't know.
And so I tried, I'm just trying to get off the phone because it's got other things to do.
But then I realized she's not a low level employee and she's very, uh, or she's at least, I don't know the level she was, but let's say she's motivated and I had to understand the motivation.
So after about 15 minutes on the phone, I finally got to the bottom of it.
I said, look, I'm holding the paperwork here.
And I said, if.
On what basis can you probably say that this isn't a new policy?
And you know what she said?
She said, it's not a new policy because we've always required paperwork for a donation, and we still require paperwork for a direct donation.
So I said, OK.
So if a lease is always required
an apartment and a title is always required to own a house.
If I start changing the language on a title,
such that now I say certain minorities can't rent on this lease or this or buy this house.
Is that a change in policy?
That's a change.
And now I thought I'd get some sympathy.
I mean, I wasn't trying to aggravate this person.
I really thought that and I didn't ask it with that kind of, I guess, tone.
I'm reliving it.
But you know, because she was African-American and she just she just laughed outright and said, well, I can't deal with you and hung up the phone.
So
What this told me, the reason I went into such detail with this story that I think it should tell everyone listening, this person knew to field the balls in this way, knew to attempt to deceive me.
The thing she didn't count on was that unlike a reporter or anybody else you might call her, I'm actually holding the documents.
So that tells me some things up.
And there's something going on with the American Red Cross.
So for example, when I testified in Wyoming, it's a great question.
When I testified in Wyoming,
The big blood bank there was vital.
And I actually called up the representative from Flint before the second day of the hearing.
So he testified, I testified, then there was going to be another day.
And I called him up and I said, I don't totally understand why or I texted him and got him to call me back.
Why are we at odds on this?
I mean, we're effectively customers of yours.
I don't see why our interests lined.
And I wasn't able to get anywhere with him.
But fascinatingly, you know, the American Red Cross doesn't operate in Wyoming, Montana, I think Idaho area where Vitalant operates.
Yet,
For the legislation, an expert from the Red Cross came to also testify in that case.
So there wasn't just Vitalant testifying against our side.
It was Vitalant and American Red Cross.
So again, American Red Cross is a nonprofit organization.
But it doesn't mean that nonprofit organizations don't clear a lot of revenue.
And I think it's to be fascinating.
So the fascinating at the bottom of why is the American Red Cross so motivated against just a normal human freedom that shouldn't really affect them.
In fact, brings more people into the blood supply system.
That's another question one I can't answer, but eventually I think we'll get to the bottom of it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, what are they trying to protect?
They're going into states that they don't even operate.
They're protecting something.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, there was even a training video for how to, it was recent to me.
I'm looking forward to it, but I know generally the contents and a training video for how to train
people at medical clinics to dissuade patients from requesting directed donations.
And then in this video, a spokesperson from Pfizer comes up and talks about the legislation that almost passed in Texas and says, we can't allow this to happen.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, it's money.
Yeah.
A lot of money.

[SPEAKER_06]
Right.
Right.
The same company that loaded their version of the mRNA scene with cancer causing components, right?
The DNA plasms that they didn't clean out, as they said they would, the SV4 that they added for no apparent reason, but is known to be, you know, oncogenic.
Then two months after that went out and spent 45 billion acquiring, uh, you know, cancer therapy companies.
So treat the problem.
Right.
We know the big answer, right?
Which is that it's money.
It sounds so cliche to say that, but we don't know the ins and outs of the details of exactly why.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, gotta keep the American public in the dark about this.
I have a question from WomanFFS.
How do I donate blood?
I was on SafeBlood website, sent email through website.
I'm in Northern Arizona and will drive a few hours to donate safe blood.
Two safe blood.
I was a six times year, six times a year blood donor.
So she's just basically asking to walk through the process of donating.

[SPEAKER_06]
Oh, that's a great question.
Thank you.
We just love you.
So, you know, what you want to do is you go to our site and to be in our site as somebody who could be available for what you're doing.
you could get our free membership, which is just a donor membership.
And that's for people who have not had the mRNA vaccine, but want to give blood.
And then it's, it's a matching system.
So like if, if we said, okay, we'll come over and touch on such a site and give blood today, well, your blood's only going to last 40 days, right?
By doing it as matching as needed, we really maximize the availability of the blood from the donors or the people need it.
Because you never know when you have a big withdrawal.
Like there was somebody in Los Angeles needed 10 units.
We had another person very recently in Florida needed 14 units, right?
So that allows us to really
match the need as it arises.
And, but it means that what you as a donor is you're available for when you're contacted, right?
Now, it doesn't mean you have to show up just because you said that you will.
I mean, maybe you just broke your leg or you are out of the country, right?
So it's not a requirement that you donate, but it means that you're normally available to donate.
Tell people too, they might ever be asked to donate, right?
It's, but even if you're not asked to donate, the fact that you're there in a bowl, it allows us to have a tendency in the system.
And that's very important, right?
Because if we have somebody who needs two units, we'd better have these three or four people nearby.
That's right.
Because like I said, somebody could be out of the country, somebody could have just had an injury or an illness.
So thank you.
So what are you safeblood.com?
And then just look where it says donor member.
That means donor member.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
So if you're out there watching this and you are have unvaccinated blood, go to safeblood.com and get on the donor list because you need it.
Please do.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_06]
And then if you want to receive, you know, that's where like the paid membership comes in.
And what I, what I see the paid memberships doing are we're saying, Hey,
This is an important cause to me.
I want to put funds behind this, right?
Because obviously if we take a donor member for free, well, we, you know, that has to be processed.
So in a sense, that's a cost.
Now it's a low cost.
And we're very, very thankful for, right?
But it's the people who, you know, are doing the membership, right?
Obviously they keep the lights on.
And so I tend to think of that in a way.
It's almost like a charitable donation, but one where you're also covering yourself in a
you know much that live in the home, you know, should you need it.
It's a good insurance.
And then of course we have safe blood found.
Sorry, we've got safe bloodation also.
So people want to give a charitable, you know, deduction tax deductible gift to a 501C3.
They can go to the safe blood foundation.
That's greatly needed too.

[SPEAKER_09]
Fantastic.
A couple more questions.
Question from Emerson BT.
How do you qualify the applicants who say they have not been jabbed?
Do you test each batch?
Do you have a wall of shame for liars?
That's a great question.

[SPEAKER_06]
Here's the, right now, and until we get this done, okay, it's on the honor system.
What we have found and what stands to reason is that
Can we guarantee that someone, some deviant might say, well, I had the vaccine and I'm gonna go give blood to, you know, I guess it could happen, right?
And once we have testing available,
then we can eliminate that possibility.
But we can't do more than the technology that's available.
And so what we're doing is the absolute best that we can with what's available.
And therefore, I would say that getting blood off the shelf, you have 70 or more chance of getting the blood that you don't want.
the idea that the possibility that sort of form of blood terrorism might go on, I think is very low.
Also because it's, you know, there's no reason that for sure that there's no monetary compensation for people for doing this, right?
It is totally voluntary out of the goodness of their own hearts.
Like this woman who just
Conta just said, how do I do this?
She said, hey, look, I'm willing to drive up to, I think, three hours or a few hours, she said.
So imagine somebody like that.
They're saying, I'm going to be ready if I'm called on to get a match.
I'm willing to drive even several hours if I need to.
Sometimes people need to drive an hour.
right?
It just all depends on where the patient's located and who's available in that vicinity.
And then they're giving their blood, right?
So this is a lot of, you know, there's no incentive.
You know, they're making an effort.

[SPEAKER_09]
Not a lot of incentive to do something nefarious unless you're just a nefarious individual who wants to go out and cause some harm.
Yeah.
Good question.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
Uh, one more question from Dr. Laura.
Does safe blood keep a list of the obstinate hospitals and blood banks?

[SPEAKER_06]
That's a good question.
We are keeping a list of the favorable ones.
Okay.
But it's behind our, uh, our members can see that.
And the reason for that is that there's two reasons.
One is that we don't want to
Docs the good ones.
Okay.
And bring pressure to bear on them.
And also because we didn't think about that originally, we did have that public information.
We said, Hey, you know, because we didn't realize how controversial we're going to be.
Okay.
I mean, I guess we, we figured we might be a little controversial, but we didn't realize the kind of pushback we were going to get.
So on, we did have on our website a list of hostile we had worked with and
And we referred to them as medical partners, not meaning that we were partnered with them.
They were partnering in this cause by way of allowing them, being useful for this.
And then we started getting some cease and desist letters, so we said, okay.
So somebody put word out, hey, it could all happen at once.
So in other words, somebody was out there, I think, contacting hospitals saying, you know you're on this sketched misinformation organization's web.
And so then they had to ask that we please take him down.
But that didn't mean that they became unfavorable.
I understand them protecting themselves.
And we decided internally, hey, this is better anyhow because we don't want a hospital that's doing great things coming in under pressure because of this, you know, this behemoth supporting the narrative that wants to punish anyone who's not supporting the narrative.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, that sounds wise.
You gotta protect the good ones as well.
And we know this at VSRF, sometimes being associated with us brings you bad publicity.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, and look, and I think too, it's also why what we're doing is important and the larger public's joining in with us is important.
You know, I thought of the question, gee, I wonder how many of my friends who are medical doctors would be offended.
I mean, I know somewhere that I'm a PD in the history of science focused on this, right?
And, you know, Steve's background, as I understand, is not medical, right, or yours, Livio.
I don't know that much about your biographies, but I'm assuming what we are is we're non-medical professionals involved in this.
And I think a book like McCary's Blind Spots.
leads you to the conclusion as to why that's so important.
Because it's not just during the era of mRNA vaccines and COVID-19, where the leading doctors who recognize a problem within the industry, within medicine, within medical science recognize a problem and try to take action.
This isn't the first time they've been punished for this.
It's the first time they've been punished at this level with this kind of severity and maliciousness.
I mean, look at Mary Talley Bowden and Brian Cullen and Scott Miller, all these people who have just been absolutely persecuted in different ways for doing the right thing, for saving lives with Ivermectin.
So it's particularly nefarious right now.
But what protects these doctors?
If there's not an aware public,
who start understanding how studies are aimed, how studies are used as misinformation, how the peer review process at leading medical journals.
The cutting edge and bedrock of our medical science has actually been compromised by Big Pharma.
The more that the public becomes aware of this, the more we as a group
right, push back on the system, and that protects the doctors who are willing to stand up.
Because the more the hospitals and hospital administrators, I mean, look at all of what we've learned about hospital homicide during the COVID-19 epidemic, where people are getting remdesivir or their will in this.
I mean, this needs to come out of the open.
There needs to be public
calls for kill us, hopefully public accountability.
But that doesn't happen.
Accountability of the bad actors and protection of the good actors.
Right, because none of us out here, you know, it's not Livio and myself who are producing the research, right, or who are the leading medical expert.
I mean, we rely a lot on the Pierre Corey's and the Peter McCullis, right?
We're, you know, so we're not against doctors.
We're totally
supportive doctors and dependent on doctors to help bring us this information.
You know, we do a lot of our own analysis.
It doesn't work helpless, but like it doesn't happen without them.
So we need to protect them.
We need to know where public and we need a public that's fighting back because right now we're, you know, this country is captured.
And what's going on with RFK Jr.
And thankfully, the victory of Trump's victory in this last election has been the beginning of turning the tide, turning the ship around.
But it needs to be fully turned around.
It needs a real makeover.
And that's why we can't separate this stuff from politics as much as I'd like to say, well, we're not as an organization
political, right?
It doesn't matter what your political views are, or even if you're vaccinated or not, if you come to us and you need blood.
In fact, safe blood is the onlyization that is saying we're here to get blood to everybody who wants it.
I mean, if you're somebody who had an adverse reaction from a vaccine, we don't want you getting more blood that could harm you.
But all the other organizations like us, and I'm not criticizing them for this.
This is just how they operate.
They were cooperatives of unvaccinated to help protect the unvaccinated.
And certainly, there's a need for that.
But there's a need to get the blood to everyone.
But what I want to get at is that turning this ship around, it's also a political issue.
It doesn't matter whether you're Democrat or Republican if you're going to receive blood for us.
if you want us to continue to be able to do this, we'd better start seeing follow-up on the Trump image.
You know, the midterms matter, the next election matters.
I mean, this could take 10 or 20 years to turn around.
I mean, who knows how long, right?
It took nine years, get this, in the HIV AIDS crisis.
It took nine years from the time that the first doctors who started thinking about the, did the common sense logic saying,
This contagious disease must be capable of being passed through the blood since it's happening among intravenous drugs and other people with, you know, blood issues, right?
And shouldn't we start protecting our patients?
They were disciplined.
They were disciplined for doing this, disciplined for potentially causing hysteria.
In fact, this is another topic we might get into if we have time.
It took nine years.
It took seven years until the FDA got on board and said, yeah, we need testing.
And it took nine years until that was really happening nationwide.
So let's go back.
This is in 1981 that doctors early on in this said there's going to be a problem that are like the people who are listening to this show saying it makes sense to me that there would be a problem with the blood supply.
Now.
But as late as 1883, Anthony Fauci himself is out there saying the risk of the blood supply is basically vanishingly small.
It's a very tiny risk.
And then also at the same time, you had testimony before Congress that it was about one in a million.
You know how far they were off?
It wasn't a one in a million inch.
They were off by 380 times.
It was 380 times more likely that you could get a string of blood, probably more if you need more units, right?
You know what that's a factor of?
That's a factor of what 38,000% is how wrong they were.
And in the process,
Something like, they have what's called the hemophiliac Holocaust of the 1980s.
All of these hemophiliacs who got AIDS tainted blood, something like half of them, half of the population is 16,000, somewhere between roughly 8,000 people got AIDS from the blood supply.
And then something more like a higher estimate I think is 29,000 overall who may have gotten this is intervening years, right?
That's a pretty significant risk, especially if it's you.
Now, in the meantime, they're putting out these statements of the blood supply safe.
Who got injured from blood in 1983?
At the very time that people like Fauci are out there making a completely unevenanced state.
purely designed to keep fear out of the system.
You know, they use the same language, too.
They talked about people who are ignorant, didn't understand science, misinformation.
Wow.
At the very time that they're supplying the misinformation.
Well, we just had back in Civil Rights, the US Open tennis match, the main stadium there is the
Okay, the name just slipped me, but the individual it's named after, and it'll come back to me probably when I finish explaining this, Arthur Ashe.
Yeah, he had heart surgery in what year?
1983.
got AIDS from blood transfusion.
Okay.
He ultimately lead 10 years later from this.
Okay.
It was only 39.
You know, Jokovic is about to rare.
The world was the world number one.
I was like, number four, he's 30.
Like, look at that.
That's the type of person that got killed that got injured by this.
Okay.
At the time that people already knew and it took this long.
So we don't want to be caught.
We don't want anyone in the middle.
This, this stuff takes time, but it's why I say we've got a,
a larger and longer fight, and politics is part of it.
I mean, people have to vote for administrations that will put people like RFK Jr. at the lead, and people like Dr. McCurray, it's absolutely essential.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yes, it is.
And I know there's a lot of frustration at how slow things happen, but there has been progress and you have to be political about it.
And we have to just keep pushing and definitely the midterms are coming.
So we need to rise up and especially at the local level.
I think that's the most important place.
and passing these legislations in all these different states, like the one in Texas, that went away on a technicality.
It's astounding, but we need to keep moving.
Clinton, thank you for all the work you're doing.
I can't imagine you thought you'd be, when you were in Japan way back, that this is where you'd be in 2026, still in this fight.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it was the last thing when I was in Japan.
We were in Japan briefly from Hong Kong.
But yeah, I never would have imagined this.
You know, it was coming back to the US and realizing the history of science was no longer the most interesting thing.
The present-day train wreck of science was the most interesting.
And if you don't mind, as I close out, I want to bring up some more issues because what I'm finding
I think the big takeaway is how interconnected all of this is.
Well, word safe blood is not separated from all of these large issues of the corruption of medical science.
And if you don't mind, I'd like to bring to everybody's attention this case that we have of this medical kidnapping of Ken Lee.
Well, anyhow, this little girl in Zafar.
Yeah, down in Florida.
This is a case of cystic fibrosis where she was taken away from the parents and you are in the Pensacola area near Milton.
On Monday, we were having a prayer vigil for her, because this is a case where you've got a child who is told, and this is the bigger issue I'm getting, okay?
This is a case of somebody who is told, here's a new medication.
We need you to use it on your, she says, well, we need more information.
We had a previous medication that has the same ingredients.
And instead, a double CPS on her.
right, for doing her due diligence.
They claim she was complying, took her daughter away for two years.
And what's happening on day is that this isn't just a hearing to get her daughter back.
This is whether she will lose her parental rights.
She's already lost her daughter for two years.
This is a terrible tragedy.
This kind of thing has come more and more to pay attention because people know of.
had these kinds of things happen.
Just for my personal networks, much less from being part of this movement.
Now, the other thing that concerned about this is that this medication that this child was told to go on costs about $300,000 a year.
And from what I understand, it has brought in like $4 billion
to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
That foundation determines, helps write the guidance of what best practices are.
So what I'm seeing here that really concerns me, and I'm concerned we'll see more of, is an issue where you got the foundations, the big sort of, the foundation that is the flagship rapprochure of a disease.
then helping guide the guidelines, which has financial incentive to promote certain nations over others.
This medication comes with a box warning that it can cause liver damage.
And so this was a five-year-old girl, and the mother was rightly concerned that maybe we should hold off, give it more time to see how it fares out over time, because it had only been around, I think, a year and a half by the time it was presented to her.
because all my daughter getting liver damage, now I'm going to have a liver transplant.
For that, her daughter's taken away.
And the reason this really concerns me is we saw this with the trucker rally in Canada.
And you'd say, well, how is the trucker rally and cystic crisis connected?
It's connected this way.
What broke the back of the trucker protest?
It was that the
they froze their bank accounts, right?
But these people were more determined to fight even through that.
And when freezing their bank accounts and assets didn't work, they actually came and said, the government came and said, look, if you're out here in the cold protesting for weeks on end, you can't be taking good care of your kids.
So we'll start taking your kids away.
That to my understanding is what broke the back of that political protest.
It's one thing to have your bank account frozen.
It's another thing to have your child taken.
And so that ended that.
I mean, this is, I mean, this, this is high level authoritarianism.
My concern, what's going on in the country is that the big pharma is we've seen what they've done to doctors, right?
Like Mary Talley Bowden and Ryan Cole and all these others, right?
Concern is that they're taking that to the level of the individual, right?
Where,
Now they can dictate what the guidance is going to be at the foundations.
He's found, if you're making four billion, I affirm that number to get it on a good source.
It was actually John Davidson maker who told me this.
He is organizing this event in Milton, Florida.
And you can go to freekenley.com.
for that Kenley, K-E-N-L-E-E dot com for more information on this.
But I think this is a case people really need to be aware of.
And even if we lose, it seems to be an issue.
Because my concern is if big pharma can drive the medical recommendations of best practices and do so with new drugs, with black box warmings, things that could do serious harm,
It's like our mandates all over again with our NAVACs.
They've already done it to us once.
What if they do it to you and now the method of enforcement isn't you're going to lose your job.
It's your kid's this COVID vaccine.
What if we lose in years?
This is all coming back.
Pfizer and all of them are planning it.
But my concern is that the next move, if you game theory this out, the next move is you make these kinds of cases like Kenley commonplace.
I don't know a parent who isn't afraid of seats being called for some ridiculous reason.
But if they can inform drug administration through taking people's children away, that's not a world we want to live in.
So this is all interconnected, and we've got to fight it all very hard.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah.
And Janet, uh, we'll put the link again in the chat.
It's free.
Ken Lee, F R E E F R E E K E N L E E.com is the website and you're, you're right.
This is when they can start threatening you by taking your children away for not complying.
Um, that's a, that's a dangerous, horrifying world.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And remember what was, wasn't not complying.
She was just.
look, asking for information about the drug and what alternatives were.
In other words, she was doing her property due diligence as a business.

[SPEAKER_09]
Right.
Asking for informed consent.
Yeah.
What a tragic case.
And we know of other cases like this, a couple of other cases in the country.
So this is, this is not isolated.
This is happening.
Well, Clinton, thank you for bringing awareness to that.
And again, the website is safeblood.com.
And if you are unvaccinated, go to the website, become a donor.
We need you.
And also, you can join the website.
Again, Clinton, you said it's $10 a month.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah.
And would you like to give people watching this a discount code?

[SPEAKER_09]
That would be great.
Feel free to share.
Let me.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_06]
So what we do as a coach, should it be like, give me a code you'd like to use, but what that will do is.
Okay.
VSRF.
I'll make it after we're off of this.
I'll put a coupon together.
VSRF.
What that will do is if you get a $10 a month subscription, it will save you the $50 signup fee.
And then if you get a one year subscription or a lifetime membership, then it'll take 10% off of that.
So, you know, it was a lifetime membership, you know, of $1,000, then you're, you know, about to 900 or just the annual member of is going to be 120 and then it'll knock $10 or 10% off of that.
So that's some ways that you can get involved with us.
We really appreciate it.
Another sign up is if you can go to the, you go to the sub stack, if you become a paid member of the sub stack, that also includes a safe one membership with it for those who want to subscribe there.
But please, whatever way you risk, please do check out our sub stack.
We'll be keeping people up to date with information on this.
I'll be, I'll put out a sub stack post on,
this case, because I will also be going down this.
And then things like this FDA statement, we'll have a deeper dive on that shortly, a review of what happened in the 1980s, because it's just so amazing.
And there's even more to the story than what I've learned through Dr. McCarrie.
So we'll be putting some heads up on that.
So I think people who enjoy this kind of information
We'll enjoy what we're putting out to keep people informed.
You can follow us on Twitter and of course the website, safeblood.com.
Thanks, I appreciate it.

[SPEAKER_09]
Yeah, thank you for that discount code.
So sign up and type in when you get the discount code VSRF and I think Clinton will set that up after the show.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, it'll be up in about 10 minutes, yeah.

[SPEAKER_09]
And we'll put it on all our social media as well.
And we appreciate you helping our viewers and our followers.
To join safely, it's a national security issue, Clinton.
This is vitally important.

[SPEAKER_06]
Yeah, we think it is.
And the thing is, is that it's like anything, you know that if the risk isn't zero.
you want to have a way to mitigate the risk.
You know, I know that we were both, we were both at the CHD conference there and children's health defense.
The thing that's up to me about Brett Stein's talk, right, is he said he knew that they were lying as soon as they said the vaccine safe.
because they couldn't know it was safe at that point in time, right?
So to say it was safe was a lie, and that's sort of what we'll, we'll, uh, Weinstein up is saying, well, if we know lying why, um, this doesn't make sense.
And it's the same thing with the blood supply, right?
That statement, uh, and then the statement that they rely on from the America, the big blood, um, coalition is that the blood supply is safe.
right?
The mRNA vaccine has done nothing to affect the safety of the blood supply and blood life safe.
Well, again, I would just, you know, echo Brett Weinstein.
We know that that statement cannot be true, right?
It just can't be true.
That's not definition of what safe is.
It's something you know, cannot harm you, right?
Right.
And if you don't know it can't harm you, then it's not actually safe.
There's some level of risk.
But this, we know people who have been harmed by it, and that's not being taken seriously.
It's not things that the people who should be looking for this are looking for.
So we need to look for it.
We need to get that information out.
In the meantime, everybody else needs to keep themselves safe.

[SPEAKER_09]
Absolutely.
Where there is risk, there needs to be informed consent.
Absolutely.
Well, Clinton, it was awesome, great episode.
Thank you for the wealth of information and I hope we can get a bunch of new donors onto SafeBlood.
And, uh, and hope to have you on back later on with Steve.
Cause I'm sure Steve would have a lot of other questions, additional questions.
So maybe in a little while, when Steve's back, you can, uh, we'll come back up.
Absolutely.

[SPEAKER_06]
Well, thanks for great questions, Livio.
And, and, and the audience, those are excellent questions from the audience.
Absolutely.
I'd welcome coming on anytime.
So when Steve wants to talk, he's just let me know.
I'm putting it on my schedule.

[SPEAKER_09]
Great.
We'll be happy to have you back.
All right.
Have a great evening.
Everyone else hanging in there.
I got a few announcements to make.
And again, as we close tonight, I want to remind everyone that the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation is a small, independent grassroots organization.
Everything we do is made possible by people like you, people who value open discussion, careful inquiry, and evidence-based conversations.
Your support gives us the freedom to remain independent, to examine the data honestly, and to continue bringing forward conversations that families and professionals rely on for insight and perspective, while also advocating for those who need help
including families affected by vaccine injury, sudden infant death, and other serious adverse outcomes.
Tonight, we'd like to spotlight a message from one of our donors.
Let me put this on the screen.
Peter Spira, who recently shared a troubling personal experience.
Peter described a conversation with a physician at his gym who openly stated that he would refuse care to a suffering unvaccinated person, saying, if they're not my patients,
I don't have any oath to them.
They can go home and die.
Wow.
That is the reality we're confronting.
That is what we're pushing back against.
And that is why this is so important.
And the VSRF Live has added value to your understanding or helped you think more clearly about these issues.
We invite you to support our work and you can donate at backsafety.org, backslash donate or text VSRF.
2, 5, 3, 5, 5, 5 and Janet will put that link in the chat and thank you, Peter Spira for the donation.
And I know we've asked a lot of you tonight with Warner, Mendenhall's, GiveSendGo and obviously SafeBlood donation, which I urge all of you to sign up for those, especially those that
were unvaccinated.
Very important thing to do.
So anything you can give to any of the causes tonight is greatly appreciated.
And also next week, let me move on to next week.
Please join us.
We will welcome Tamara Ugo-Lini
Canadian investigative journalist and senior editor at Rebel News.
Tamara's reporting has exposed systemic failures and active obstruction inside Canada's public health institutions.
She'll be joining us to discuss Canada's vaccine injury support program, AstraZeneca vaccine injuries, and the country's expanding medical assistance in dying program known as MADE.
You don't want to miss this conversation and hopefully we'll have Steve back for next week.
And then I'm going to sign off tonight.
With a short montage of statements made over the years, these are not fringe voices.
They are policymakers, advisors, and influential public figures openly discussing pandemic preparedness, surveillance, vaccine development, and the expectation of future outbreaks long before COVID.
We're sharing these clips to remind you what was said, when it was said, and how those statements align with what ultimately unfolded context matters, history matters,
and informed citizens deserve to see the full record.
And we'll also, the clips end with Andrew Angus Dalglish, Dr. Dalglish, reinforcing what Clinton was talking about tonight and our contaminated blood.
So thank you for joining us.
Hope to see you all next week.
And I want to thank Clinton again for joining us tonight.
Have a great evening, everyone, and enjoy the end video.
Good night.

[SPEAKER_10]
If anything kills over 10 million people in the next few decades, it's most likely to be a highly infectious virus.

[SPEAKER_07]
If we get an airborne pandemic, if we haven't built ahead of time some structures to deal with this, millions of people could be
adversely impacted.

[SPEAKER_11]
But also there will be a surprise outbreak.
The next administration that there's no doubt in anyone's mind that they will be faced with the challenges that their predecessors were faced with.

[SPEAKER_08]
Pandemic prevention and preparedness is going to end up being whether the administration likes it or not a priority, a top priority.

[SPEAKER_03]
Trump is now president.
When he faces his first major epidemic as his predecessors have, he will likely project his impulsivity, xenophobia and cavalier attitude towards facts to over 52 million followers.

[SPEAKER_11]
We may yet again have another pandemic and it is almost inevitable that we will have another pandemic.
Welcome to event 201.

[SPEAKER_05]
of what's looking like it will be a severe pandemic.
A new coronavirus.

[SPEAKER_01]
Why don't we blow this system up and then say, hey, everyone in the world should get this new vaccine.
We haven't given to anyone yet.

[SPEAKER_00]
But it is not too crazy to think that an outbreak of a novel avian virus could occur in China somewhere.
We could get the RNA sequence from that and print those vaccines on a patch and self-administer.
You think something like COVID could have been prevented?

[SPEAKER_10]
No, absolutely.
The tools we have now, diagnostic tools, would have stopped it from being a global epidemic.

[SPEAKER_04]
What then is the next step to preventing something like that from happening again?
Is it as simple as people spending more money or is there some other focus that has to be the focus of the world?

[SPEAKER_10]
Well, you have to do constant surveillance, including things like sewage surveillance or taking people who have respiratory infection and making sure you know what it is.
And so if something new appears even in Africa, you can contain it before it gets
all over the entire globe.
And so we understand far better how to do diagnosis.
We know what to look for.
The world hasn't come together yet to create that surveillance system.
When it does break out, we need to come up with drugs and vaccines very quickly.
We have some great technology for that.
So that could have been worse.
That is the death rate from that pandemic was about 1% higher in the elder and much lower
in the younger, you know, the next pandemic that'll come sometime could be worse.

[SPEAKER_02]
We proposed how to make a vaccine without spike protein and all this was brushed on the side.
And it was like, it was a coordinated military, I use the word military campaign for to shut us up and ignore the logical science.
And these are people who are meant to be chief scientist's office or chief scientific, but it's absolutely, it's just appalling what happened.
Now, based on that, we said there would be terrible autoimmunity.
And one of the things we actually pointed out in a separate paper out of this,
was that you would have terrible clotting issues.
One, because of a hypercharge to the ACE receptor.
And two, that the fact it was such a hypercharge, it would engage receptors other than the ACE2.
But it would engage autoantibodies.
And the one that really stood out was platelet factor four, which causes this vascular thrombosis syndrome, thrombocytopenia, which has been a major, major issue.
