[SPEAKER_01]
To pretend that everything will be just fine Had any wicked problem, we'll dissolve over time Had any new backsworn will go hay when brought to light Had all different goals, we'll
To say that whatever will be, will be To rely on the God
To believe all wills are equal to the sound To be carried on by the seasons Oblivious to the color of spikes and waves
Thanks to Day to Day so much he's healed It's fine if you've a child, you'll need to remain strong

[SPEAKER_02]
Tonight on BSRF Live, we're honored to welcome back Dr. Robert Malone.
He'll discuss developments within federal health agencies and guide us through the highly complex and often controversial world of gain of function research and the global network of biolabs.

[SPEAKER_04]
This highly lethal African swine fever virus is a threat to the global pork industry.
So this laboratory in Spain
is cooperating with the USDA to try to develop a new vaccine for African swine fever.
And in doing so, there's a cooperative agreement between USDA and this laboratory to engage in, if you read, they don't call it gain of function research.
They call it building recombinant viruses and experimenting in different virus structures.
to allow them to better build a better vaccine.
Exactly the same logic that was used in Wuhan.

[SPEAKER_02]
Hello and welcome to VSRF Live.
I'm your host, Livio Sanchez.
Thank you so much for joining us on our new Tuesday night.
We're honored to welcome back a legendary voice whose work has helped shape most of the most important conversations of the past several years, Dr. Robert Malone.
Dr. Malone is a physician and scientist known for his depth of knowledge, independent thinking, and willingness to take on some of the most complex
and consequential issues in modern medicine and public policy.
This evening, Dr. Malone will guide us through the world of gain of function research and the global network of bio weapon labs with his unique ability to connect the scientific, regulatory and geopolitical dots.
He'll help unpack what these programs are designed to do, how they're funded and why they continue to raise urgent questions around safety and oversight.
Recently, Dr. Malone has been raising serious concerns about transparency
and accountability and what he describes as efforts within government and public health leadership to control information surrounding COVID era policy and outcomes.
We'll also take a closer look at developments within federal health agencies, including the advisory committee on immunization practices or ASIP and the Department of Health and Human Services.
as he shares his perspective on how key decisions are being shaped behind the scenes, who holds influence, and what this could mean for the future of public health, policy and public trust.
Before we bring Steve on, I want to take a moment to ask for your help.
If you haven't already, please sign and share our petition to appeal the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act.
Restoring accountability is critical.
When manufacturers are held accountable,
It leads to safer products, greater transparency, and better outcomes for everyone.
We're at a pivotal moment with alignment in Congress, including efforts from Rand Paul and Paul Gosar.
There is a real opportunity here, but we need your help to seize it.
So please sign it, share it, send it to your friends, your family, your networks, and help us spread the word.
Janet will drop the link in the chat.
And now, without further ado, I'd like to let me unmute Steve here.
I'd like to welcome the founder of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, Steve Kirsch.
Steve, welcome to Vaccine's VSRF Live.
How are you?

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, I'm good.
That was great.
Doing well.

[SPEAKER_02]
There's good news in that I thought that during this episode that some big bomb might be dropped and obliterate an entire civilization as Trump said, but I a few minutes ago, he said there's going to be a two week ceasefire.
So fortunately, well, to make it through the hour.

[SPEAKER_03]
Well,
Yeah, we should be able to.
We should be able to.
Before we are destroyed.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yes, exactly.
Yeah, I'm pretty relieved.
So hopefully this will lead to some peace, but we'll see what happens.
And I'm curious to get Dr. Malone's take.
So let's go ahead and bring on our featured guest, Dr. Robert Malone.
Welcome to VSRF Live.
How are you this evening, sir?
Doing pretty good.

[SPEAKER_04]
How about yourself?
I managed to choke my dinner down well before, but I think Steve may still be swallowing.
So I'm glad you've had it muted.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.
While he's finishing his last bite, I'm going to go ahead and read your bio.
I know most of our viewers know, but I'd like to read them anyway.
And here we go.
Dr. Malone, welcome back.
You are an internationally recognized physician and scientist widely known
for early contributions to the development of mRNA vaccine technology and gene delivery systems.
Over the course of your career, you've authored nearly 100 scientific publications, hold numerous fundamental foundational patents in the fields of DNA and RNA vaccine technologies, and have served on an advised multiple
federal committees, including most recently as a member of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ASAP.
In recent years, Dr. Malona has become a prominent voice in public health, engaging directly in conversations around bioethics, regulatory oversight, and medical freedom.
He has testified before legislative bodies in the United States and internationally, and continues to speak out on issues he believes are critical to scientific integrity and patient care.
His willingness to challenge prevailing narratives and bring forward data-driven perspectives has made him one of the most influential and closely followed figures in today's public health dialogue.
And again, it's an honor to have you back.
And I want to remind our audience that if you have questions for Dr. Malone or Steve Kirsch, put them in the chat, all caps, and I'll get to as many as possible at the end of the interview.
OK, Steve, take it away.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, well, welcome.
You are one of my heroes, and we've been through a lot together from the very beginning.
And I know you're a man of few words, too.
Like yourself.

[SPEAKER_04]
Exactly.
Just to reel back, Steve, remember when we went to Brett's place in Oregon?

[SPEAKER_03]
Never forget it.

[SPEAKER_04]
We were sitting there in the hotel and you were questioning the hotel clerk and anybody else you could find about whether or not they knew of anybody in their circles that it had vaccine injury.
Because you were still on the threshold of starting to make the case that the official narrative that these were safe and effective didn't carry water.
It was not valid.
And just the anecdotal observation of the number of direct contacts
that had experienced vaccine harms from these mRNA products didn't jive with the official narrative.
And you were really pushing that at the absolute forefront of that counter narrative from the very beginning.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep, and he was semi-vaccine injured for a limited period of time, as I recall.
So I confirmed what I'd been seeing personally, and I'm sure what you had been seeing.
So Livio said, you're internationally recognized.
And so I have to ask the question, when you go to the supermarket, do people stop you and say, are you Robert Malone?

[SPEAKER_04]
It all depends on the town.
And likewise, when I'm traveling, it all depends on where I am.
So Italy, it happens a lot more.
You know, when I'm on vacation, not so much.
The good news is that the bots and the liberal detractors don't generally watch Rogan.
And so they don't recognize me.
Whereas a lot of others that are more towards the right do.
And so I don't get a lot of harassment on the street.
I get fist bumps and congratulations.
And every time I walk into my local
a home repair shop down the road here in Cardinal.
They treat me like I'm, you know, Madison County royalty, which is a little embarrassing from time to time getting the, are you Dr. Malone?
I'm in filthy blue jeans covered with dirt and oil on my hands and bringing in my chainsaw, but it's all good.
And I don't seek that kind of feedback, but it is nice to engage with people.
You know the person on the street getting getting the person on the street Telling me that they saw something that I said and it made a difference for them the one the thing that matters that makes the biggest impact is the various versions of I thought I was crazy and then I heard you and I knew I
You know, that often comes from nurses, other medical professionals.
When I went to Aaron's series piece in the Kennedy Center a couple of weeks ago, that was a little bit of a mosh pit.
There was a lot of fanning going on there.
But I don't seek it, and it's a little embarrassing.

[SPEAKER_03]
But there are a lot of people that come up to you and say, hey, can I take a selfie with you?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, the selfies.
The attitude I have about selfies is it's like if you play baseball.
you're gonna sign baseballs and baseball cards.
That's just the way it is.
If you enter in this arena and you probably have the same experience, if you're gonna step into this public life, to do otherwise, to not respect people who are coming to you in enthusiasm, earnestly, wanting a selfie or a signature or whatever, I think it's kind of rude.
to say no.
I really, you know, if a little old lady wants to take a picture with me, God bless her.
If it makes her happy, I'm glad to do something that brings a smile to her face and she can share with her daughter-in-law or whatever.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, let's get into the first softball question for you.
OK.

[SPEAKER_00]
Which is, why haven't they stopped the COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_03]
And I think I know the answer to that.
And I think you probably were the one who told me that.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, you do.
And it's really quite disheartening.
For me, what's going down is, I think, really disheartening for many of us.
Del Big Tree, when I did this interview with him like a week ago, he spoke about how disenchanted he was with what happened with ACIP and the judges ruling.
You know, I don't know the extent to which the higher ranks within the White House, including POTUS, have their thumb on the scale on this.
I do know that, for instance, there was this issue about the pediatric deaths that were clearly covered up that are in bears
that were evaluated by Tracy Beth Hogue.
And she dove deep into that information.
It's clear that there were coverups.
And the way I've heard the story, this is secondhand, she is the one that advocated that there should be a black box warning at a minimum.
And it was vetoed by Marty McCurry and Marty gave a
a statement at the time to the press, something along the lines paraphrasing that, well, these boosters still are providing some benefit.
Some people still want them.
So therefore, we shouldn't put a black box warning on them.
I find that logic to be a little contrived.
And it fits with the whole, I had a very senior,
Steve, a very senior FDA official that I'm not going to name, come down and spend four hours on the farm just talking with me about what that person had seen from their perch.
And she talked about the moral hazard, the damage that's been done to people in terms of their soul that have been involved in
the mismanagement by the FDA, for example, and by extension of the CDC.
And there has been some very dark things happen here under the justification of, as Aaron Seary calls it in his book, Vaccines, Amen, this seeming theology
around vaccines and the catechism that they're all safe and effective as opposed to, hey, come on guys, they're all drugs.
All drugs have risks and benefits.
They should be used for some things and not used for other things.
And they sure as hell shouldn't be mandated.
So we have this curious situation where there has been a unwillingness to,
allow data to be revealed, data that exists, unwillingness to follow regulatory norms and guidance, such as when you have clear cut death signals associated with administration of product.
And it's as if the only way I can process this is that
There is a sense that if they came clean, the damage done to individuals, careers, institutions, governmental legitimacy is so profound that they can't afford to reveal these things.
It's as if this is, you know, as if, um,
We had murdered aliens and we had guilt from murdering aliens that had come to us in peace.
And we just couldn't, we can't admit it because of the implications.
I think that that kind of guilt and crisis of legitimacy
is making it so that governments across the world and globalist organizations like the World Health Organization cannot come clean.
They won't allow themselves to come clean.
They won't allow themselves to say, basically, we fracked up
And we have to own it in order to move forward.
There was a point in time, it was like two years ago, when there was a lot of talk about some sort of a reconciliation commission like happened in the former Eastern Bloc.
But that's all swept under the road too.
And now we have this bizarre situation where we're going to cover this tomorrow in our substack.
an overtly communist Trotskyite publication attacking Jay Bhattacharya because he rejects the natural origin theory of SARS-CoV-2.
And this is all wrapped around a interview with Ralph Beric.
And in Google News is promoting this propaganda from an overtly Trotskyist publication.
There's nothing hidden here.
It's like in their charter.
But that's where we're at.
You know, as I put it in that first book, the lies my government told me, it just keeps coming and they don't seem to be able to stop lying.
It's, you know, it's, I'm sure you know the first rule of holes, Steve.
When you're in one, stop digging, but the government just doesn't seem to get that.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yep.
Yeah.
So I'll, in fact, I have a list of questions here and I'll, I'll remove my, can you tell us what the first rule of holds is?
Uh, since you already preempted that, uh, for me, but, um, the answer to the, why haven't they stopped the COVID shots is because the white house won't let them.
Would that be fair?

[SPEAKER_04]
There's certainly a lot of vectors that suggests that's the case.
And the issue is, does the commissioner of the FDA is the commissioner acting on his own volition?
Or is he a puppet in this topic area?
And I don't have the access to be able to address that, but I do know that his former postdoc who works in the West Wing
and is being very influential on setting policy about vaccines, politics, and all of this.
Dr. Overton, MD, MPH, from Johns Hopkins, who was Marty's postdoc, seemingly has a very heavy hand in establishing a lot of these decisions.
Is she?
Is she acting as an agent of Susie Wiles, which is kind of what a lot of people's working hypothesis is?
I don't see that.
And I had asked, but I wouldn't necessarily.
That's above my pay grade by about, as an unpaid special government employee, that would be about 18 ranks above my pay grade, at least.
I asked Stephanie Speer directly about whether or not the chief of staff was behind a lot of these things, and she denies it.
She says that Susie is a strong advocate for Bobby, a strong supporter
So what's going on there between West Wing and Chief of Staff and POTUS and all that is beyond me.
And it just, I don't think it's gonna resolve itself.
The theory is, the theory of the case is that after the midterms,
and hopefully we don't get slaughtered.
But we're probably going to lose the House and hopefully not the Senate.
Otherwise, it's going to be hello, subpoena time for Alexi and mine.
So the theory is that after the election, there starts to be a transfer of power to JD Vance.
And as you probably have followed, there's a number of interviews that JD has given.
He believes he was vaccine injured.
from the COVID jab.
He has spoken out quite strongly in support of a, let's say, a more objective assessment of vaccines and vaccine policy.
And the thinking is that post-midterms, there is a transfer of power as he ramps up to the...
likely nominee status and that in that transition, the secretary is given more and more authority to pursue these various data gathering exercises, clinical trials, and other things that will support a more objective, data-based vaccine policy position.

[SPEAKER_03]
So is it fair to say that if RFK didn't have any handcuffs or directives or what have you that RFK would be stopping the COVID shots?

[SPEAKER_04]
He hasn't made that position.
His statements have always been that he doesn't want to take anybody's vaccine away.
But I personally, I don't want to speak for the secretary, but I feel personally confident based on signals and conversations I've had with him that, for instance, he would be very comfortable revoking the PREP Act coverage.
And as you know, and Aaron Searing knows, if you pull the PREP Act, then you set a cascade in motion.
But that cascade is already kind of partially happening.
with the strange simultaneous announcement by Moderna and Pfizer that they are closing their clinical trials for the next mRNA vaccine product update because of insufficient enrollment.
That's a very curious thing because
There's a lot of ways to incentivize people to participate in clinical trials.
I can speak of somebody who does this and used to do it quite a bit.
There's a lot of ways to get your enrollment up.
And for both companies and the same PR push at the same moment to be saying they're abandoning their clinical trials, number one, it smacks of collusion.
Number two, it implies that there's another driver here in that decision that they're not coming clean about.
And it could be, one speculation is that the fact that the American Academy of Pediatrics and their legal allies have tanked the ACIP, and the ACIP has to exist in order to vote on the Vaccine for Children program, which subsidizes potentially the mRNA products,
in other vaccines and the flu vaccine boosters also, that it could be that the money is going out of this.
And if you want to kill this product and get it taken off the market, one of the most surest ways is take the profit out of it.
And so something's going on.
They're not coming clean about
in and yet a White House, it appears, is not comfortable with disclosing
the real issues here and what has been discerned.
And there's other strange things going on, Steve.
I know you're a detailed person in terms of what's going on.
But if you track it, they're closing down bears.
And they're moving bears over to the whatever remains of it.
They're moving it over under FDA.
CDC is getting its, we could say gently, it's getting its wings clipped.
It's having aspects of its functions reassigned to other agencies.
That's being diplomatic.
And that's part of what I think absolutely has to happen.
It's kind of a winding down of the CDC that's happening here in a very quiet way.
And, you know, you have the ultimate nice guy as a director right now or acting director.
There's a decision not to appoint somebody else.
The way I heard the story is they couldn't find anybody that was willing to take the job that was objective, let's say.
And for good reason, I've talked to a couple of candidates and I told them from my perch, the place is irredeemable.
And if you remember, they had this guy from Louisiana.
that came in as a functionally second in command without a commander.
And he lasted, what, three weeks?
Oh, well.
And I had talked to him also and wished him well, said, are you sure you know what you're getting into?
Because this is a snake pit.
And I'm so glad to not have that in my life anymore.
You know, it's just, it's a very dysfunctional situation and it's rife with people that have not acted with integrity.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so you said various is being shut down, is it being shut down or transferred out?

[SPEAKER_04]
Transferred out in Greece.

[SPEAKER_03]
Good thing or bad thing.

[SPEAKER_04]
transferred out and restructured.
I think it's a good thing in the sense that it probably should have always existed within FDA space because FDA really, if you look at things structurally, they have responsibility for post-licensure marketing.
And this split
Management mandate where both FDA and CDC had aspects of responsibility of management of their system.
may have been part of the problem, because you have a situation where it's always the other guy's fault.
You know how that works in organizations.
So I didn't do that.
That was FDA.
Go talk to them.
Good luck with that.
So putting it all under one roof is reasonable.
FDA, from what I hear, is almost as much of a dysfunctional hot mess as the CDC.
The case can be made, the one division of HHS that is not a hot mess is CMS.
So kudos to Dr. Oz, who, as far as I'm concerned, way exceeded expectations.
From what I'd known of him, I did not expect this level of competence, but he came in with a good team and that understood the government, understood project management, understood what the issues were with CMS, got it together, implemented, and has just done a fantastic job.
And some of those folks have now been moved up.
into a central command within HHS and are functionally running the place now.
I don't know, but yeah.

[SPEAKER_03]
The Prasad demo.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yes, you know, absolutely.

[SPEAKER_03]
What a breath of fresh air.
Like, when have you ever seen anything like that from the FDA in your life?

[SPEAKER_04]
Never.
So yeah, when it came out, I was stunned.
Stunned and delighted.
That someone had the cahonas to do that.
Totally.
But also amazed
at what almost seemed suicidal from a bureaucratic standpoint.
And that seems to have kind of foreshadowed the trajectory that Dr. Prasad had.
Dr. Prasad was filling his position largely from the West Coast, not coming in to work very often.
And not to tell tales, but the stories that I hear was that he wasn't particularly well-liked.
He didn't build the relationships that's necessary in order to manage something like Sieber and was young and a little hot under the collar and may not have had the seasoning.
that was required to navigate the very challenging waters of the FDA at this time where it's hemorrhage talent.
DOGE has swept through and really damaged the ability of FDA to just perform normal tasks, the mandate to come back to work, which all sounded like a great idea.
you know, to get rid of the folks working from home.
But the problem with that is that a lot of the key talent was not local.
And that makes sense.
How could you expect the best regulatory minds in the world to live within 20 miles of flight?
And well, no, they, yeah, they weren't down in Georgia.
They're up by Bethesda.
And so,
The way I heard the story was that these folks were told they had to come into work, all had to come into work.
A lot of them that were at a distance just quit.
There was no way for them to do it.
Others were commuting in an hour to an hour and a half, which in DC world means like 45 miles in the morning.
to come in to work and there wasn't a parking lot big enough for them all to park.
So there had to be another parking lot leased, which was a half hour shuttle ride away.
Oh, wow.
And so they were coming in to the other parking lot, taking the shuttle in, and then they had to go through security and the security wasn't built to handle that volume.
So now they're having to wait in line for half hour wasn't security.
And then, as if that isn't good enough, there weren't enough chairs or desks for them to sit at once they got there.
And then they go through all this, and they're there at work for a couple of hours, and they got to turn around and go back home again.
And so it's just the whole thing has been a, you know, I keep saying it.
Sorry to sound like a broken record.
It's been a hot mess.
and no surprise that Dr. Prasad, Tracy Beth Hoag, I mean, I have been told that there may be only one branch of FDA where the leader has not resigned.
Essentially all the top leadership has just said, I've had it.
And so when that's the case, is it a good thing that now Bears is transferred over to FDA when FDA can hardly tie its shoelaces?
But, you know, at least they know where the shoelaces are as opposed to what's going on at the CDC.

[SPEAKER_03]
So we have two people with integrity who probably aren't lasting very long at the FDA.
How many people of integrity are left at the FDA after the?

[SPEAKER_04]
I've never been on the inside.
I've never been in the review branch.
I did at the start have a very active
ongoing weekly or more Zoom calls with people in the office of the commissioner and in the office of the chief scientist.
Those people have all retired.
I don't even know if the chief scientist has been replaced.
That was a creative position that was supposed to be overseeing a lot of the by-defense agenda.
The place is like Swiss cheese.
It's just got holes everywhere.
I know of a person that came down and visited me was certainly a person of integrity who's been there during Trump won through Biden and now in Trump too and acted with as much integrity as possible.
And I'm sure there are plenty of good people down in the trenches.
They're just trying to do their job in a very challenging situation.
So I can't give you an answer, but I know that a lot of folks really compromise themselves.
during COVID and bought into this religion of vaccines and the religion of mRNA and all of that safe and effective propaganda narrative.
You know, it's no surprise that the likes of you and I and others that tried to, and Brie Dressen and somebody others that tried to get Peter Marx to come clean.
He, you know, if the story is written, if the history is written by someone with integrity, Peter Marx is
really not gonna come out smelling very good.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So in the Prasad memo, there were 10 child deaths that were for sure.
And I think you talked about this.
I think maybe I recall you were talking about six child deaths rather than 10.
Did I get that right?
Or maybe I'm a mystery member.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, I've heard, so there's various versions of the story, but it absolutely starts with, because I was there.
It starts with Tracy Bethogue, who's a very, you know, lovely person, very hardworking, increasingly aligned with Marty, mentored by Retz of Levy.
MD and pH that has done good work during COVID, and particularly in epidemiologic data analysis, she was appointed as the liaison between FDA and the ACIP.
And in that role, she took it upon herself early on to look into the VAERS pediatric death report.
And to review those, to scrutinize them,
And as I recall, she came up with at least six that she presented to the COVID working group headed up by RETCIV and shared with us details of those cases, which are quite shocking in my opinion.
And the gentlest way to put it is very clear evidence of coverup by CDC staff and leadership.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right, so they knew the shots were killing kids and they basically said nothing and there's no black box warning.

[SPEAKER_04]
It's worse than that.
It's worse than saying nothing.
They actively covered it up.

[SPEAKER_03]
So in other words, the only worse than saying nothing is actually lying to the American people and saying the opposite of what happened.

[SPEAKER_04]
Uh, that's your opinion.
Um, I think, uh, manipulation of data, which, uh, my colleague from the FDA said also was quite rampant at the FDA.
So, uh, classification and manipulation of data at the FDA on this topic.
I was told, uh, was commonplace.

[SPEAKER_03]
So in other words, we can't trust, like for example, the underlying cause of death database and the multiple cause of death databases that's maintained by the CDC or I think it's the CDC.
Is that database reliable?
Apparently not.

[SPEAKER_04]
Apparently it's been manipulated.
just like we saw.

[SPEAKER_03]
Because that can explain why there's no death signal.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
Well, and the other thing, Steve, that's become apparent is that the absence of coding, codes available, ICD-10 codes for these various types of vaccine injuries,
creates a situation in which there are no data records of those injuries.
Therefore, it is concluded, and I pulled this out of the CDC representative to the ASIP, I think, on the first meeting, where I asked her whether or not POTS was a known adverse event associated with the mRNA, and she denied that it was.
Right, it's one of the most common A's, and she said flat out, no.
And I'm sitting there.

[SPEAKER_03]
Justin, we have a problem.

[SPEAKER_04]
Somebody who experienced POTS sitting on the ASAP, and I'm being told that basically I must have fantasized this.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yes.
And delusional.

[SPEAKER_04]
The underlying structure is if there's no code, then physicians can't diagnose, and more importantly, they can't bill.
If there's no code for vaccine injury associated with these mRNA products, then they can't identify the harms.
They can't bill for treating the harms.
It's no wonder that average patient who's experienced something going into the average doc gets stonewalled.
The position, the structure, the data structure underlying this allows the likes of the CDC to plausibly say those events never happened because they're not in a database, right?
And that is something that is being rectified.
So that's the good news.
That advocacy for new codes
I don't know whether it was developed in parallel.
It was certainly developed within the COVID working group.
And it was adopted by Bredresen's group.
And Jay Bhattacharya has been very glad to sign off on that.
It was one of the things that would have been covered in the ASAP meeting that was canceled twice.
The first time it was canceled was because we were going to call for a vote on whether or not the ACIP believed that the PREP Act protection should be revoked.
Yep, that was what caused that first one.

[SPEAKER_03]
That was the thing you were hinting at when we talked earlier.

[SPEAKER_04]
And then the second one was because of the judge.
So we never had a chance for the
vaccine injured to be heard.
We never had a chance to roll out the logic and the findings, except through the leaks to Marianne DeMosse and the New York Times of the report that the COVID Working Group had developed about our findings, including the adulteration.
And that all conveniently has
You know, it was leaked and then it was just treated as if it never happened.

[SPEAKER_03]
Can you elaborate on the adulteration?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, so Kevin McKernan and others testified directly to our group with his latest data.
It's quite clear, you know, the issue of the SV40 sequences, the origin and promoter and enhancer sequences, that's clear, and that was not disclosed.
But the key thing about the adulteration with the DNA fragments, which has all kinds of implications in terms of biologic mechanisms, recombination issues, et cetera,
And it's been flat out denied by the FDA, even though there was like an FDA intern that verified it.
And Kevin and other colleagues have repeatedly verified it quite rigorously.
What Kevin, kind of the latest story in that is that the nuclease, that the DNA that's being used to chew up the DNA plasmid
After manufacturing process two, you'll recall, which is the plasmid base as opposed to the PCR-based manufacturing process, the DNAs being used to chew it up is unable to degrade or digest DNA RNA hybrids.
And so this assertion that basically we got rid of all the DNA because look, we did this digestion and the signal didn't go down any further.
Well, dummy, that's because you have DNA RNA hybrids that are protecting the DNA.
And of course you do.
You know, these are nucleic acids and DNA are single-stranded nucleic acids.
Of course, they're hybridizing.
And you have to use a different DNA in order to get those hybrids, which Kevin has shown quite clearly that if you then come in without other DNAs, suddenly you drop the concentration and the signal associated with the DNA.
So it's, but the FDA kind of does the old
hear no evil, speak no evil, see no evil thing, and just denies it flat out as does Health Canada and the European EMA, et cetera, et cetera.
They are all synchronized in saying, no, no, no, no, no, that's not happening, even though clearly it is.

[SPEAKER_03]
Why do you think that is?
Do you think that they're just inept?
Do you think that it's because they don't want to show that they made a mistake?
Or is it because they don't want to panic the public?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think that it relates to what I was, my personal, I mean, I can't speak.
I'm not a minor.
But my favorite hypothesis is that the political ramifications of coming clean about what has happened here are so profound
that it could overturn governments.
It could change European elections.
It could overthrow the current liberal elite that's running Canada.
It could have impacts on New Zealand politics, Australian politics, really across the Western world.
um, NATO countries, et cetera.
The, you know, there's these lawsuits that, uh, Pfizer's just won against Romania and other Eastern European countries that basically said, no, we're not going to buy your vaccines, uh, in, in the European council.
said, oh, yes, you are.
And because we've signed a contract, the whole thing is just sick.
It's so twisted.
And nobody seems to have the cojones to speak truth and come clean about this.
You would think that there would be people in the system.
And there have been a couple of small voices.
But you would think that it would be willing to, like I've done,
frankly, in leaving ACIP to step out and speak about what they have observed.
But then you'd have, for instance, Reiner Fuhrman, is the case study in what happens when you, in Europe, if you speak truth and power about all this.
Yep, I'll go.
And in so many other positions and scientists, I'm fortunate that five plus years ago, this crazy West Coast entrepreneur told me I had to get on Substack.
And so Substack, yeah, that would be you, that Substack pays my bills.
Now, things are turning around.
I'm getting more business for my consulting practice now these days.
But I just got a call from a client that was basically saying, why are you making such a fuss with the White House right now?
This is causing problems.
So does nobody have the courage?
to stand up and say, no, this isn't right.
You've done it.
I've done it.
You paid the price.
I paid the price.
Brett Weinstein paid the price.
Many have paid the price.
And it hasn't killed us.
And as I like to say, by doing this, we've maintained ownership of our soul.
And that's worth a heck of a lot.
And these other poor folks that have compromised themselves, you know, because they have a mortgage or whatever, they gotta get their kids through college or whatever the thing is, that they used to justify this, they're gonna have to live with that when they get to be my age, you know, when you're in your 60s, they're gonna have to look themselves in the mirror and say, I could have come clean,
Uh, and I didn't.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
So should there be, uh, uh, it seems obvious that there should be a black box warning on the COVID vaccine.
Am I missing something?

[SPEAKER_04]
Self-evident.
Um, and that's, that's, uh, like I said, the, the story that I've heard secondhand is Tracy Beth Hogue made that case and, uh, she was overruled by the commissioner.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah.
Just amazing.
Would ASIP have stopped the COVID shots?
Were they about to do things that would stop the COVID shots?
I mean, they could vote to.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, they can't.
All they can do, so the ASIP is a, people don't understand, even this judge thinks that ASIP is more than it is.
It is a federal advisory committee act chartered committee with a special wrinkle.
So FACA committees are supposed to be entirely independent of the bureaucracy, chartered by Congress.
And the logic is simple.
You have administrators, key leaders that are getting plenty of input from the bureaucracy and from the press and the West Wing and everybody else.
Everybody has got an opinion about things that should be done in terms of policy and particularly health policy.
Not the least of which is the American Academy of Pediatrics.
So everybody is providing input to the director of the CDC in this case.
But Congress in its wisdom thought it would be good to charter a totally independent committee that has no conflicts of interest.
That's why we're not allowed to be paid.
And we have to do just lengthy disclosures.
You can't have stock.
You have to put in a trust.
It just goes on and on.
And at every meeting, you have to verify that you haven't had any new conflicts of interest.
In any case, so it's supposed to be a totally independent committee that provides a separate information feed, advisory feed.
to key governmental decision makers.
In the case of ASIP, it's got a different wrinkle that's unusual, highly unusual, that was created by Congress in their infinite wisdom, which is the vaccines for children program authorization.
So ASIP has the requirement and authority
to make determinations about whether or not vaccine products are able to be administered through the Vaccines for Children Program, which provides, you know, if you're a vaccine manufacturer, if you're a merc or whoever, it's the gift that keeps on giving.
You get an automatic large purchase.
This is billions of dollars, okay?
And there's no congressional authorization.
It is this committee, this appointed committee, makes a determination as to whether or not your taxpayer dollars are gonna be spent on buying, marketing, and distributing Merck's Bill and the Blank vaccine.
if it's authorized for the vaccines for children program by ASAP.
So it's supposed to be fully independent of the bureaucracy, fully independent of industry, this sage, wise people coming together and studying these topics and making independent assessments and advising the director of the CDC
who then may accept or reject or modify or do whatever the hell he wants based on that, because it's just another recommendation.
But it's all gotten perverted because of all the media circus around it and everything else.
And so you end up with what had happened
was that the committee itself was captured by industry and by these professional guilds, and then also by the CDC bureaucracy themselves.
So the CDC bureaucracy would determine what information ASAP could look at, who they could have on their subcommittees, which is where all the work gets done, what topics could be discussed,
blah, blah, blah.
So they had complete control over all of the key parameters that goes into whatever those advisories would be.
And to his credit, Retzif, uh, you know, among others, including myself read the charter, et cetera.
But Retzif was the one that went to the mat with first the lawyers at CDC and then kicked it up and fought with the lawyers at HHS and got the determination that no,
the bureaucracy should not be influencing what ASIP does.
Oh, wow.
That's awesome.
Big win.
Well, don't curb your enthusiasm there, Steve, because that lasted for about a week and a half.
Then what happened?
The new bureaucracy took control.
Yeah, of course.
And so then, once again,
The ASIP had to just address questions that, at this point, remember, there is no director.
If you've been in business, I've been a consultant for decades, right?
And as I approach this thing, I'm like, okay, this is like a consulting gig.
We have a client.
The client happens to be the director of the CDC.
And our job is to provide advice to the client, okay?
It's straightforward.
And so, of course, the client has the right to say, hey, these are the things I want advice on.
Right?
So that all makes sense, but that is absolutely not the way things are run.
You end up with the chain of command influencing what gets discussed, how it gets discussed, who gets appointed.
And then, as if that isn't bad enough, you come up with your conclusions or the things you want to vote on.
Now the lawyers get involved.
Okay.
And you've got multiple rounds of lawyers at different levels chewing on it and saying, no, no, no, you can't say that.
You have to say it this way.
You have to say it that way.
And it, you know, you know the story.
You get, you get two lawyers in a room and you get four opinions, right?
Um, so, uh, that goes on and on.
And then you have other people in the hierarchy that I'm not going to name names, uh, in there, uh, fiddling, uh, and, uh, it,
All I can tell you is that it is absolutely bloody insane.
And I'm finished doing free labor for a system that is completely dysfunctional and treats all of us like we're expendable, trivial,
You know, free labor.
If you don't charge, then you get treated.
You know, the assumption is your value is about equal to what you're getting paid.
So that's what's taking place.
And then the brakes on the train just got applied hard by this Boston judge.

[SPEAKER_03]
And now it's, I don't know where.
HPV vaccine.
Yeah.
Any feelings you want to share on that?
So that's one of the ones what I'm doing.
Great book, by the way.
Have you read this book?
No, I have not.
This is awesome book.

[SPEAKER_04]
Mary Holland wrote it.
I've been trying to work through key vaccines
step by step, using chat and Claude extensively, to come up.
What about Altar AI?
Altar, as you know, I ran into problems with Altar in hallucinations.
And it left me a little bit gun-shy.
I still pay my subscription for Altar, but Altar has, you know, it's
Since a number of us had these hallucination challenges with Alter, it is basically acknowledged that its training database is limited in time frame.
So it doesn't seem, if you're asking about the latest information,
Alter seems to have taken the position that it is going to be, well, as you know, Steve, better than I.
One of the challenges in artificial intelligence is that the outcomes can be easily biased if the AI has the ability to be influenced by new data.
unless it's in a very constrained sandbox situation.
And so if you give the AI the ability to update itself or to learn from information that others provide, that can be weaponized to easily skew the findings from an AI, from an LLM.
Uh, and so anybody that's working in this space, whether it's anthropic or, or, um, open AI or altar, um, has, has some fundamental issues they have to grapple with about how they handle that.
And so altar seems to have said, no, we're going to say our, our training data set is between this and this year.
Uh, and so I can't really use it, but in any case, um, uh,
I've been working through vaccine by vaccine and coming out with substacks that are a little too wonky for most readers, but that summarize number needed to vaccinate, to prevent disease or death, number needed to harm, risk-benefit ratio, cost, you know, physical cost,
per life saved, et cetera.
And all the key parameters that never get told to us, discerning the difference in terms of how outcomes are reported as relative efficacy, for instance, or effectiveness.
And in working through all those core parameters,
And then writing an academic type study with references that could well be suited for publication as a review in some journal.
But I'm just so sick and tired of BS that is associated with trying to write anything objective about vaccines and getting it published that I'm just putting it out on Substack.
I don't care anymore.
But that's, so HPV is the next one on the list.
And one of the, you know, my sense is that there is major issues associated with the HPV vaccine and how it has been deployed.
indications, the justification, the risk benefit, the number needed to vaccinate to prevent the outcomes of cervical cancer or oral cancer, in the case of males in particular.
And I look forward to crunching the numbers and trying to come out
I use the, you know, I have to, it's challenging to get any of these AIs, except for Alter, to write objectively about vaccine-related issues.
They always want to slip in, you know, the little cod.

[SPEAKER_03]
Safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_04]
Qualifiers and everything else and spin stuff.
And you have to use prompts that use things like,
using a rigorously objective and skeptical tone, please summarize.
And then often, you have to go back and manually tease out the other stuff they throw in, the spin.
But you can get there.
And a lot of times, you have to bounce back and forth.
Like, Clod,
Claude seems to have less promiscuous guardrails and keys in anything having to do with vaccines and vaccine policy.
And so you sometimes you have to move over to open AI.
when you trigger anything having to do with bio defense or, you know, we were, the lead in was going to talk about gain of function, the issues around the bio warfare convention.
Claude is less promiscuous or permissive for having those kinds of analyses run.

[SPEAKER_03]
Can a function research since you brought it up?
Do I have to ask you if it's a good thing, bad thing, or it depends?

[SPEAKER_04]
Well, let me frame it differently.
I've been trying for a few months now to move out of HHS for reasons that should be self-evident to anybody that's listening to me, and over to the State Department to work for Under Secretary Donano, who by the way, Steve, was one of the first people in the government
to be questioning the natural origin hypothesis.
So good guy.
You know, at the time when it was inconvenient, he stuck his neck out and said, no, this doesn't make any sense about the natural origins.
So he now owns within state
the Nuclear Warfare Treaties and the Bio-Warfare Convention Treaty.
And the Bio-Warfare Convention has no teeth.
It has no verification process, and the President
has put out a policy statement reinforced by undersecretary Danano in speeches that the president wants to thinks there's an opportunity to apply artificial intelligence to basically crawling and data mining signal relating to potential breaches of the Biowarefare Convention.
And most of that shop, as you might imagine, is very, let's say, nuclear warfare-centric.
So they have asked me to participate.
And I've been in there once.
I'll be in there again next week.
And they've appointed me to be the US representative to the UN commission that is tasked with investigating bio-warfare breaches.
Hopefully I never have to do anything there.
but they they've asked me to speak now twice to various groups including the United Nations on the issue of applying artificial intelligence to by a warfare convention monitoring and
Of course, I used artificial intelligence to make my speech and so well received and made me look smart, but all kidding aside, I think that's a task that's achievable right now.
And behind that is both state and HHS, Secretary Kennedy have heard from the president,
that he endorses the idea of moving towards a international treaty, probably bilateral or not through the UN or WHO, an international treaty banning gain of function research.
So I'm all in that gain of function research is a domain in biology that should be highly regulated and largely outlawed.
And the risks are much greater than the potential benefits.
And as you mentioned in your lead there, we have example after example, the most recent one being this Spanish lab with African swine fever virus.
And fascinating that it's almost a perfect
Recapitulation only the stakes are lower because, you know, so some hogs died.

[SPEAKER_03]
Uh, and maybe, yeah, maybe it's just limited.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So, uh, but the, the Spanish authorities did an investigation, uh, and the courts in Spain, you're going to be stunned by this.
I know the courts in Spain, uh, have, uh,
blocked the ability to access the actual sequence analysis for something like a decade.
But they have come to the conclusion that absolutely this was not a lab leak even though it happened right next to the facility and you have dead wild hogs right around the facility.
So it's clearly an epicenter.
I mean, it's almost a perfect recapitulation of what happened in Wulan right down to the governmental obfuscation and coverups.
And what that teaches is that this is not a CCP problem.
This is kind of a universal characteristic of bureaucracies.
In a way, it's the same thing we were talking about in terms of what's going on at FDA and CDC.
The incentives for bureaucracies is to deny, deflect, cover up, counter-propagandize, et cetera, et cetera, so that no one is held accountable or culpable.
And how we get beyond that, I don't know.
But what I did was to build a, I mean, take a step back.
The problem with thinking about any kind of surveillance, whether it's AI or it's actual devices, to monitor for potential bioweapon or warfare events, is signal to noise.
you get overwhelmed with false positives.
And you're chasing your tail, chasing these false positives.
People aren't aware that there was a program called BioWatch a few years ago that we all spent billions and billions of dollars on.
Congratulations.
I think about that when you're filing your taxes this month.
that was a complete failure.
And what they did was, functionally, they set up little filtration operations near urban centers, major stadiums, blah, blah, blah, thinking that they would be able to detect bad stuff in the filters that were sucking air for these little devices.
And they would take them and analyze what was on the filter and sequence it and whatever.
And what they found was a whole lot of things that are similar, but not the same as various bioweapon threats.
And so they had this huge signal-to-noise ratio.
So that's the whole problem.
So the thinking that I've tried to advance is that we can use a multi-layered AI approach where the AI is querying for different types of signals.
And those signals can include sequence analysis.
It can include a chatter in various media information streams.
It can include sequences from peptides or from oligonucleotide libraries that are being synthesized, et cetera, et cetera.
There's a lot of ways to approach this.
And one of the signals that can be detected is these bureaucratic behaviors.
This pattern of obfuscation and cover-up is so consistent that it's almost a clear identifier
of something nefarious happening.
When you see bureaucracies behaving like this in pushing denial, et cetera, it's almost pathodonomic that they're hiding something, right?
It's the cover-up.
Whereas, you know, I did, so I've applied this kind of method in historic examples of potential biowearfare events
including Lyme disease.
That one got international traction because it pulled out all the AIs, pulled out all kinds of interesting stuff from the CIA database, et cetera.
But one of these are these behaviors.
So one of the examples that I took for this query
because I'm trying to work through examples to see whether the system is, you know, pressure testing it using known positives or negatives.
So I asked the question about, you'll recall a colleague of ours had made a big deal that the bird flu originated in a USDA lab in Georgia.
I'm not going to name the person, but a couple of physicians and an epidemiologist made a lot of hay claiming that bird flu was engineered by the USDA down in Georgia.
And so I took the tool and I said, OK, evaluate the probability that in fact, bird flu originated in this laboratory in Georgia.
And I learned some things from that analysis.
But one of the things that was completely missing as a signal was any kind of denial.
So, you know, whatever these individuals or colleagues were promoting this idea and getting lots of clicks, likes and follows, but the USDA didn't react as if that had any merit at all.
They just kind of ignored it completely, which is not typical behavior when they're guilty of something.
So, I think there's a reasonable chance that we can set up
a something like a web crawler that is AI driven that is looking for essentially fraud signals as it relates to gain of function research in particular to detect potential events using a layered process and give us back a score
that we can then make an assessment of whether or not that deserves further follow-up.
Because that's all you're going to get.
You've got to have a human in the loop.
You've got to do real diligence.
You can't just go shooting blanks at people.
So I think there's hope in that domain.
And I find it interesting, challenging.
I'm a big fan of working in areas that aren't very crowded.
And like I wouldn't want to be involved in RNA vaccine development right now, good God.
But back in the day, I was like the lone voice in the wilderness.
And I kind of like being in that kind of an area.
So this idea of applying AI and other computational tools to functionally detect
fraud signals is that relate to gain of function research and potential by a warfare agent development is something that I think I look forward to.
I could do that for the next five years and be perfectly happy.
Who's paying you for that?
So the rumbling is that the UN position will come with some sort of a
payment.
And the State Department is talking the talk that this won't be just a special government employee without pay.
So we have yet to close any kind of a deal on that.
But I am not very enthusiastic about spending a large amount of hours giving free labor.
When I'm, you know, more and more, I'm in demand by companies
that actually want to compensate me for what I'm doing.

[SPEAKER_03]
So final question, COVID shots.
Did they kill more than saved, save more than killed?
And will we ever know the answer to that question?

[SPEAKER_04]
So thanks for giving me a foreshadowing while I was on the tractor digging post holes today that you were going to ask me that question.
And I thought about it a little bit more since then.
And I just want to acknowledge your leadership in taking significant risk and gathering data internationally in a very comprehensive and frankly aggressive way in a positive way.
That's a good kind of aggression.
And leading in making the case that
that this is upside down in terms of risk benefit.
And I recall that you and I were speaking at a church in California a number of years ago, and that was that conversation that we had convinced me
that this was upside down in terms of risk benefit.
And I've taken that position ever since and taken a fair number of spears as a consequence.
I acknowledge your leadership in that, but also I think we both acknowledge that a clean data signal on this, given that we had so many other variables, suicidal behavior, depression,
drug abuse, fentanyl, other confounding variables, makes it extremely hard to get a clear signal.
And yet we have this large trend analysis that I do find compelling.
that there is a repeated, through international databases from countries all over the world, this repeated correlation between vaccination campaign and excess all-cause mortality.
That is inexplicable.
And that first came out years ago in some of the actuarial data.
But it's repeated in many different ways.
I think that I'm convinced that we have a situation in which there has been more harm than good.
But you asked the hard question, are we ever going to be able to meet the ratcheting criteria
that we confront from decision makers to get acknowledgement of harms that these public policies have incurred.
I don't think we ever will.
I think that just like with Peter Marks taking the position that he believes these vaccines are safe and effective and functionally, no data will convince him otherwise.
when I heard that, you know, direct from somebody that had that conversation with him at the FDA immediately before.
Wow.

[SPEAKER_03]
He actually admitted that no data would convince him otherwise.
That he was completely convinced.

[SPEAKER_04]
He strongly believed that these were safe and effective.

[SPEAKER_03]
How is he so convinced?
What data is he using that so convinces him?

[SPEAKER_04]
This is a religion.

[SPEAKER_03]
This is not...
So he's convinced by religion, but he can't reference actually any data set.
No, but it's a belief system.
Okay, and he's convinced because of his religion got it functionally.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, it's a yeah, it's it's a belief system just like You know the Spanish got it Inquisition in the Catholic Church You know Galileo
notwithstanding that's that what we're up against is a belief system and by the way that belief system pervades the CDC and that's why I say I think it's irredeemable I think it is so ingrained in the culture
that you're not going to be able to root it out.
There are some areas within the CDC where that's not the case.
There are good people in the CDC.
I work with some of those good people.
I work with some of those good people at the ACIP.
But the circles beyond that, particularly in the vaccine safety branch, they're all in.
And it is a theology.
Certainly not evidence because there's no, yeah, no, they, they, they, I don't think it's a very tough problem, by the way.
Yeah, they, they keep coming up with a ratcheting justification why you, you present, you've, you've lived this, Steve.
You present in the data and they say yeah, but and then you overcome that they say yeah, but and it just ratchets you can never get to the point where they will acknowledge that they were wrong because to do is to acknowledge the profound moral damage.
that they're guilty of.

[SPEAKER_03]
Right.
So let me ask you a question, since you're an expert in this field, which is that my hypothesis is that there is not a vaccine which needs to be given on a regular basis, like every six months or every 12 months, right?
Because there are studies showing that the COVID vaccine is basically zero effect in this after six months.
So you have to keep taking it.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, that is worse than that.
So I would point you to my essays that I wrote for the COVID working group.
So Retziff assigned to me the issue of class switching, the IGG4 class switching.
And I dove deeply into that, the science there.
wrote it up, was intending to present it.
I was scheduled to present that data that addresses exactly what you're talking about at the last ACIP meeting, and that was canceled.
And so I basically, in washing my hands of this whole mess,
took the report that I wrote, as well as the slide deck that I was going to present, and just published it on my sub-stack and just said, here it is, you know, guys.
But I concur, and this is a big issue with flu.
And I've also worked up the issue with flu.
So the immunology here has become quite advanced.
And it is sophisticated and it clearly demonstrates the naivete underpinning a lot of our vaccine policies, particularly for repeated vaccination.
And there seems to be more harm than good coming out of that.
But once again, this is a catechism.
This is a religious belief system.
It doesn't have to be questioned.

[SPEAKER_03]
But how long do you believe that the COVID vaccines save lives before you have to get another one?

[SPEAKER_04]
So if you read my essay, so I'll roll out the core thesis.

[SPEAKER_03]
And I have to start.
I'm just asking for a number.
I don't need a thesis.
I'm just asking for numbers.

[SPEAKER_04]
Three months, two months, four months.
No, it's not that simple.
OK?
OK. What's happening is that you're driving a shift towards an immunosuppressive phenotype, which is therapeutic in terms of preventing severe disease and death in individuals that have a high inflammatory set point or at high risk.
Okay, so what you're doing with this by driving towards IGG for class switching among other things is a functionally an immunosuppressive phenotype.
Remember that COVID has two phases.
It has a viremic phase.
And then it has an inflammatory phase in which you are generating a hyper inflammatory response to the debris from the viral phase.
Okay.
And it's the inflammatory phase that kills you.
It's not the Viremia.
Okay.
And so the whole FDA argument that you have to have in Fauci's argument, that you have to have an effective antiviral, that's all bunk.
It's not the viral replication phase that kills you or puts you in the hospital.
It's the inflammatory reaction to the debris left from the viral phase.
And so what the jabs are doing to provide this low level death and hospitalization benefits signal to individuals at high risk,
is they're reducing that hyper-inflammatory response during the second phase, which is what kills you.
But the trade-off is that they're also making it so that you're more permissive for the viral replication phase.
So you end up with more replication and spread
but you suppress the inflammatory phase in the elderly.
So you have this low-level signal of benefit to death and hospitalization endpoints in high-risk individuals because the low-risk individuals never end up dying or in the hospital, right?
So because you're essentially suppressing in a selective way the inflammatory phase
you get this signal in the high-risk individuals.
And that doesn't last very long.
It seems to last a few months.
And then you had this kind of knee-jerk reflexive, oh, well, it's dying off.
We need to jab them again.
Well, what that does is it drives it further towards this G4 class switching and immunosuppressive phenotype.
And there's also the thing is, it's not just the G4 class switching.
It's the expression of cytokines that dampen your immune response in a more global sense.
And all this is happening at the level of the lymph node.
It's not happening in terms of your IL-4 levels systemically.
You can't measure elevated IL-4 levels in these people, but what is happening is that you're suppressing immune responses in regional lymph nodes.
Why?
Who cares?
Well, because your immune responses in draining lymph nodes are super important for a lot of things, not the least of which is cancer surveillance and suppression.
So this may relate to the cancer signal,
But it's absolutely the case that you're affecting the lymph node microenvironment, driving it towards a immunosuppressive phenotype.
And that is, you know, somewhat therapeutic in individuals that are at high risk, they have high inflammatory set, have diabetes, elderly, fat, whatever, you know, guys like me.
But the young,
that don't have those problems, what you're also doing is making it so that
They are much more promiscuous, permissive to infection replication.
So what do you get out of that?
You get more virus spreading more rapidly across the general population and you get increased viral evolution of escape mutants against the antibodies that you do have.
And so that gets back to what the hell were we doing?
If we were going to use this at all,
I'm going real back to the Great Barrington Declaration and the op-eds that I wrote with Peter Navarro that I got slammed by the Atlantic Monthly for, et cetera, et cetera.
We got it right.
You should never have been using this stuff in otherwise healthy people.
If you're going to use it anywhere, you should have restricted its use to those people that are at high risk for this death or hospitalization from inflammatory phase.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so let me ask my question, which is I have a hypothesis.
And my hypothesis is that anytime you have a vaccine, which you require people to take on a regular basis, whether it's every three months, every six months, every 12 months or whatever, whatever the recommendation is for how often you take it.
In every single case, there is never a mortality benefit.
I don't think there is an exception to that rule.
Can you think of a single vaccine?
that you have to take repeatedly on a regular basis.

[SPEAKER_04]
That he has some mortality benefit.
The assertion is that in selected groups.

[SPEAKER_03]
No, I'm saying though, for the whole population.
For the whole population, no.

[SPEAKER_04]
For the whole population.
But the logic, I'm telling you what the justification is that I hear again and again, coming out of places like vSafe.
is that in selected populations that are at high risk, flu vaccine, because that's mostly what we're talking about.
So flu vaccine and COVID vaccine provide a death in hospitalization benefit to a small selected portion of the population, and it's almost always the elderly.
But the elderly.
Are you sure of that?
I'm telling you, that is the justification.
That's a justification.
But is that actually true?
The problem with answering that question is that it is dependent on what many objective outside observers, including myself, assert
is a very biased data collection and analysis system, in particular the vSafe system, which is run by Kaiser largely, and is staffed by people that are, again, wrapped up in the safe and effective narrative.
So the gatekeepers that are making these determinations and giving us the data and the data analysis that is accepted by the government as the true truth,
are intrinsically biased, and they are employing data sources that have their own intrinsic sources of bias.
So if you're Kaiser Permanente enrolling,
You're in a position where you have a regular monitoring.
You are heavily influenced to take these products.
And you're typically a wealthier population, very compliant.
And with all that comes a variety of different data biases.
And then you have the people doing the interpretation that have biases.
So what I'm trying to express is that I don't think we have decent data and what we have is skewed.
And so once again, like with COVID, we're in a position, in my opinion, where your question is unanswerable.
because of the structural biases that exist within the data collection and analysis systems that have been implemented.
And I know that Secretary Kennedy, things I can't talk about, but suffice to say that very large investments are being planned.
on getting better data, cleaner data to ask these vaccine-vaccine interactions, these better analysis of outcomes.
But to do that right is going to take up to a decade and billions of dollars.

[SPEAKER_03]
Okay, so you can't answer the question just from a biology mechanism of action point of view.

[SPEAKER_04]
There's too many variables.
Fair enough.
I'm not comfortable saying I don't.
I have to stay in integrity that I don't come up with opinions in the absence of adequate data.

[SPEAKER_03]
All right, well, let's thank you very much.
I'm going to turn it over to Livio for audience questions.
Do you have any audience questions, Livio, for our guest?

[SPEAKER_02]
I have a lot of audience questions.
And thank you, Dr. Malone, for the generosity of your time.
I know we've run longer than we hoped to.
But I'm going to start with a question for him.

[SPEAKER_03]
I just like talking to Steve, you know.
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_02]
So let me ask you this, Livio, how many questions do you have?
I haven't counted them, but there's five pages.
in front of me, so I'll get to a few, but I want to start with one question, which is, before the vaccines rolled out and we had all those COVID deaths, the counters, and Dr. Malam, curious your opinion on how many of the hospital COVID deaths were COVID or the hospital protocols, ventilators, remdesivir, the sedatives, what percentage of those do you believe were

[SPEAKER_04]
I personally think the vast majority of the truly identified hospitalization deaths were consequent to, let's say, iatrogenic effects.

[SPEAKER_03]
In other words, the hospital killed them.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
And the protocols and the ventilation and et cetera, et cetera.
You were asking also, you mentioned the tickers.
in a lot of those tickers that we were seeing on CNN, et cetera, were coming from Hopkins.
And what's become clear in case the audience isn't already attuned because this is the BSRF, is that that was based on modeling.
Those numbers that we were being shown as tickers were not actual data.
They were modeled data.

[SPEAKER_03]
Wow.

[SPEAKER_04]
Okay.
So just like the, the false modeling coming out of London school of tropical, my favorite place.
Yeah.
That, that we had this 3.4% case fatality rate.
Uh, the tickers about the COVID deaths were, were basically fabrications based on model.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, we know they weren't at, nobody was asking, where are they getting these numbers so quickly?
Because we were all being manipulated and frightened, there was an absolute weaponization of fear to control and guide our responses ostensibly to get compliance.
And as I talked about in the preceding book to the Sauer book, the Lies My Government Told Me book,
There were, there's a notoriously large scale randomized clinical trial managed by Yale with no identification who the sponsor was that tested out various propaganda lines to overcome vaccine hesitancy to these mRNA products.
The study was done before there was actual vaccines.
And so all this messaging that we heard deployed
of, you know, if you don't take the vaccine, you're killing grandma and you need to do it as your public, you know, service.
All that was field tested in randomized clinical trials with the objective of determining the optimal language.
to overcome vaccine hesitancy and gain compliance in vaccine uptake.
You were manipulated very consciously, very intense intentionally on the basis of randomized clinical trial data that may have been larger and more robust than the actual clinical trials for the vaccines, right?
To determine how best to elicit responses from you.
I mean, what was done in terms of just obscene humanitarian breaches is still, you know, still stuns me in, you know, despite its five, six years now.
And when you live through it as we all have, you know, you get to the point where,
Is this moonshot for real?
You know, it gets hard to believe anything the government says.
That's where I am.

[SPEAKER_03]
Do you think the moonshot was for real?

[SPEAKER_04]
I think this one is, but I'm sure.
Well, I know.
Your good friend, Sacha Latapova, is all in that this is just another Cyop.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh, really?
What?
It's a fake, completely fake?
Yeah.
Really?
Wow.
Okay.

[SPEAKER_02]
I'm going to get to the audience questions because I want to make sure I get a few of them in.
I'll start with Lee Lee 317.
Secretary Kennedy is on record pledging to end all gain of function research and get all nations to sign a treaty to end it.
The question is, do you think he'll have the power to make this happen?
Do you see efforts in this direction?

[SPEAKER_04]
So I was referring to that earlier, and Bobby does have that mission authorization ostensibly from the president.
However, how do I say this gently?
uh, there's nobody's talking about.
Um, uh, that's, that's, it's the state department that would have to do that.
And, uh, that's what I was talking about.
That's, that's, uh, the mission that I want to start working on.
And, uh, I, it would be a miracle if that treaty was to have been accomplished before I end up in the ground.
Uh,
The obstacles to international treaty development are enormous.
And I really try not to bash my friend.
I have great respect for the secretary and honor him.
He couldn't even get through a decent gain of function treaty ban here in the United States.
He got a partial kind of squishy restriction on government funding, which does absolutely nothing for the private sector.
This is what I'm saying.
This is what I want to work on.
But I am under no illusion that it is going to be an easy thing to accomplish.

[SPEAKER_02]
OK. Next question from Amanda.
What advice do you have for the COVID vaccine injured?
Any hope for the future?

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah.
So that is one of the most upsetting things about what just happened with cancellation of the last ASIP meeting.
is that we were allowed to at least feature the vaccine injured for the first time on a national stage, acknowledging by the government.
And that was blocked by our good friends at the American Academy of Pediatrics and this rogue judge from Boston.
And you had, you know, Maddie DeGerry and many others, you know,
on planes flying down to Atlanta to testify.
And then, you know, it was just blocked.
Really a travesty.
The most hopeful thing that's happened is that under Jay Bhattacharya, acknowledging, you know, his leadership, even though he's just acting as CDC director,
They are moving forward with new ICD codes that will acknowledge vaccine injuries.
And what that means is that the vaccine injured will be recognized.
And once those are in play and that if Oz agrees.
Docs will get compensated for treating those now some of the professional societies are already coming out and saying they're not going to recognize that Which is just stunning and disappointing um and In terms of therapeutic strategies It's causing the vaccine injured that the injuries
I like to use the metaphor, it's kind of like tuberculosis is a great mimic.
The scope of the types of injuries are immense.
And we are just scratching the surface in terms of acknowledging those.
This is one of the things that was being featured in our working group report that was leaked, but never allowed to be published officially.
So is there hope?
There are some physicians that are advancing capabilities and treating some of these types of injuries.
The various neurologic syndromes are extremely refracted and challenging to treat.
And of course, there's hope.
But what is kind of stunning to those that are paying attention are the parallels between the chronic inflammatory diseases associated with the COVID harms and those associated with Lyme and other chronic inflammatory diseases.
And it's not just the disease symptoms in spectrum that is similar, but also the response of the medical community.
So for those that have lived the Lyme L, as they encounter what the COVID vaccine harmed or experiencing, they pretty much universally say, yeah, been there and got the T-shirt.
We've been living it longer than you have and
all of these things of these characteristics of how the medical profession responds to these difficult to diagnose inflammatory diseases by claiming that they're functional, which is a euphemism for psychiatric.
you know, you're imagining this, it's all in your head, it's not real, that all that kind of gaslighting has exact parallels in how people with Lyme disease have been treated and other
inflammatory chronic inflammatory syndromes.
So what I conclude from all that is the my profession, who I'm, you know, I'm profoundly embarrassed by has this tendency when they confront things that they don't understand to deny that they exist.
And that is the core issue that is plaguing the vaccine injured right now, is they can't be seen, they can't be acknowledged, they're gas lit, and so they can't even move forward with trying to develop viable therapeutic strategies to address their true harms.
Pretty sad.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's very sad and they are demoralized every day further and further.
Yeah.
Really tragic.

[SPEAKER_03]
It doesn't seem to be getting any better.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, it's like the parallels to Lyme are stunning.
And what they speak of is a cultural, a major cultural problem in modern allopathic medicine.

[SPEAKER_02]
This next question from RJ Zablaki.
Is there a definitive proof in controversial study that shows that VAX causes cancer?
Several of us think this is a really good way to get some pro-VAX people away from their wrong beliefs.

[SPEAKER_04]
So when you say the VAX, I infer that you're talking about the COVID mRNA products.
And no, there is no definitive study in part because of these data problems.
And it's another third rail that's not allowed in proper society to even be discussed.
The very act of discussing it, or even speculating about therapeutics, is enough to lose your license, as numerous people have encountered.
So, particularly in the state of California.
I don't know what to say.
It's the cancer signal is repeatedly reported.
There may be confounding variables and other factors that are contributing to the signal.
But the signal seems, it might be.
The signal is there and there are multiple plausible mechanisms of action of which I was just discussing one having to do with the IL-4 and class switching phenotypes.
But there are others having to do with effects on mitochondrial function and a number of other things.
And it certainly deserves
investment and investigation.
When the government mandates stuff and markets stuff and propagandizes us to do stuff and their potential adverse consequences, it seems to me the government has an obligation to address that instead of denying it.
But who am I?

[SPEAKER_02]
Had you ever seen before COVID, I have so many friends now that go in for a routine physical and they're healthy and, oops, stage four cancer.

[SPEAKER_04]
This rapid escalation to advanced stage seems to be a newer phenomena in what I hear.
I'm not an oncologist, but when you talk to cancer surgeons and oncologists and you can get them
off the record because nobody was going to say anything about this on the record because, hey, they'll get censored and, you know, de-platformed and kicked out of their professional guilds and whatever.
But if you can get them be candid over dinner and wine, they will acknowledge that something's rotten in Denmark and they don't understand it.

[SPEAKER_02]
That's the crazy part, and they don't understand it.
Question from Queen Legeur.
What does Dr. Malone regarding the self-replicating vaccine that is spreading like a virus?

[SPEAKER_04]
Right.
OK, so self-replicating RNA vaccines in particular.
that were deployed in Japan and you may or may not have followed that I went with others to Japan to testify about this and the company that is pushing this product in Japan threatened us with jail and lawsuits for questioning whether or not there could be shedding, which is basically what you're getting at, is with these self-replicating RNA products,
for a variety of indications, can they be shed and inadvertently transmit nucleic acid to unsuspecting third parties?
And the shedding issue, I believe, is real.
It was never investigated at the FDA.
It should have been.
That's one of the reasons why they, I believe they couldn't have, it couldn't acknowledge that these were gene therapies because if they did acknowledge they were gene therapies instead of just ordinary vaccines, which is the propaganda line back then, then they would have had to by FDA norms have done shedding studies, but they didn't because these were just regular vaccines.
They were gene therapies.
And so we're left with a variety of indirect anecdotal evidence that shedding occurs.
And we are also left with some plausible mechanism of faction, particularly exosome-based.
And if you have self-replicating RNAs that are basically built off of alpha viruses,
and they can be shed by exosomes, then it's entirely plausible that they can be transmitted to third parties.
And I said this in Japan, and that's still my position.
I think that the default has to be not the assumption that it won't happen,
The default has to be the assumption that it might happen in a dam will better be investigated before it gets deployed.
But once again, I'm not the commissioner of the FDA and I'm not setting policy.

[SPEAKER_02]
Question from Rumble user 2424.
Do you know who leaked out the internal draft document to the New York Times?

[SPEAKER_04]
I suspect I know because other information was also leaked by there.
There is or was a member of the ASAP.
It was quite disruptive and gave a number of quotes to the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times and others.
So you can figure it out for yourself.
And Marianne Damassi has already figured it out if you want to read her essay, but you have to pay for it.
But.
Yeah, I can't confirm that, nor can I confirm who leaked to Demasi.
Kevin McKernan, bless his heart, looked at the metadata associated with those two posted article documents.
And the metadata indicated that they were two separate versions of the draft report.
One was leaked to Marianne DeMosse and a separate one was leaked to the New York Times.

[SPEAKER_01]
Oh well.

[SPEAKER_02]
Questions from Emerson BT and then I'll stop here.
Can you identify some political figures, federal, state or other, that you think have stood up for our side, such as Senator Ron Johnson, and which have changed their tune?

[SPEAKER_04]
Changed their tune.
Well, Ron is apparently now, so Ron took the position after he was reelected.
And the only reason he, what he told me, I consider him a friend, what he told me was the only reason he was running for the Senate the second time or this recent round, which he barely squeaked through, was because he wanted to help the vaccine injured.
So you have a true advocate in Ron Johnson, you know,
Whatever you think of that.
Um, uh, I think he's a great guy.
Uh, the criticism is that he's a bit of a lone wolf and he's not a team player, but that people say that of me too.
Uh, so, uh, um, uh, Ron took the position after his election that he wasn't going to start firing off subpoenas until he had sufficient, uh, buy in from the general electorate.
that you had to first, you couldn't drive the electorate through hearings and subpoenas towards a position.
You had to get the electorate to move towards that position.
And then you could go ahead and start doing subpoenas and investigations.
He seems to have come to the decision that now is the time.
And he is increasingly willing to
begin to be more aggressive.
I wish him luck and I hope that he maintains his majority position on the House investigation subcommittee after the midterms.
But if the Senate flips, he's lost his window.
And then we're going to have Senator Blumenthal coming in.

[SPEAKER_03]
Oh my gosh.

[SPEAKER_04]
And we're going to have Jake testifying for us.
Um, yeah.
Uh, so, uh, I want to switch.
So other people, uh, obviously, uh, so let me talk in general.
We have, you know, run, Rand Paul, uh, and then some others, uh, of course, uh, secretary Kennedy, uh, but, um, you'll notice with Rand,
He kind of illustrates one of the core issues.
Rand is a physician of sorts.
And he's been kind of slow to warming up in this vaccine space.
And he's felt like a lot of people in DC, it's politically acceptable to question the lab leak hypothesis.
or the natural origin hypothesis, I should say.
It's politically acceptable to talk about lab leak.
It's still not politically acceptable to talk about vaccine harms.
It's still not politically acceptable to talk about vaccine deaths.
And so it's not talked about.
How these things get reinforced, I don't know, but it just is.
And so,
You know, a lot of people now jumping in the bandwagon that this was not a natural origin.
Very, very few people are willing to talk about the vaccine injured and question whether these products are adulterated or whether they should still be on the market.
Now, of course, the obvious exemption to this
is Ron DeSantis and Joe Lattapo.
And Joe continues to seek opportunities to outlaw this because remember the state of Florida has autonomy in regulating the practice of medicine.
So they're still seeking a legal pathway to forcing these off the market in the state of Florida.
I consider myself good friends with the governor of Louisiana.
I just visited him a couple of weeks ago.
And he is a strong supporter of us.
He had Bobby down to testify when he was attorney general.
I came down there a few times.
He's the one that he's supporting me being more involved in Louisiana
very actively in their others, but they tend to be more at the state level.
Back in DC with this administration in the executive branch, it's just
These things are just not being allowed to be discussed.
And you can tell that, as I said before, if you want to tell, it's Bobby Kennedy goes on Joe Rogan, and the word vaccine never escapes his lips.
And you can figure out what that means, same as I can.

[SPEAKER_02]
It's easy to figure out.
So I'll finish with two comments from D. Tumbleweed.
Tell Dr. Malone we love and appreciate him.
He stuck his neck out for We the People.
And for Uli on Web, Livio, please give Dr. Malone our thanks for his great work, how important his voice of reason had been for us unvaxxed, and for our morale, especially in the highly censored countries like Germany.

[SPEAKER_04]
Thank you.
Thanks to everybody.
Thank you, Livio and Steve for your friendship and support and for the opportunity to have this conversation today.
Don't lose hope.
I hate it that this has gone so negative.
I really try not to do that.
But the truth is we're up against a huge amount of resistance to just get to objective truth.
Yeah, Chloe.

[SPEAKER_02]
And Dr. Malone, remind our audience how they can follow your work.
Oh, that's kind.

[SPEAKER_04]
We do have a new book coming out.
I'm not allowed to tell the title.
Otherwise, my wife will have my ear on a plate or my tongue.
But it focuses on homesteading.
So Tony Lyons has agreed to publish our book on homesteading.
So look for that.

[SPEAKER_02]
any idea when it will be published?

[SPEAKER_04]
I am at page 100 of 150 on the final edits.
And then it is in Tony's hands.
So hopefully before spring planning is done, that's the goal.
So at least we aspire to that.
And then of course, substack of Malone.News is what pays the bills.
And the other day I got 600 bucks from X.
Woo, I'm a big influencer now.
Wow, big time.
You can find me.
Congratulations.
You can find me.
You're buying me a beer now.
At RWM alone MD and you will never find me forever despite Steve's best efforts on LinkedIn.
So you don't have to worry about trying to find me on LinkedIn.
But I'm also on GAB and Truth Social.

[SPEAKER_02]
Maybe we can have you back and talk about homesteading after your book is out.

[SPEAKER_04]
OK, I would love it.
It's a much happier topic than vaccine harms.
And our sub-stack readers, they get bombarded by so much heavy stuff.
They love two things.
I think the reason why we're afloat and paying for a horse feed is we write about not just the vaccine harms, which tend to not get so many subscriptions.
They love the homesteading stories about emus and stuff.
And they love the Friday funnies and Sunday strips, which is our meme roundup.
So it's not all serious high science.
We try to give our readers a break.

[SPEAKER_03]
I need to ask you one last question here before you go.

[SPEAKER_04]
No, that meme was not intended as inciting violence against the CDC.
Just wanted to make that clear.

[SPEAKER_03]
Yeah, yeah.
So Raphael Lataster.
Right.
Great guy, hard worker.
Yep, so he wrote a paper on the Aussie in Australia.
There were the excess mortality, believe it or not, was correlated with the vaccine shots.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
Did you read this paper and do you have any reaction to it?

[SPEAKER_04]
No, I saw it come across the desk and I think that he lost a court case recently.
where he was trying to get justice for himself.

[SPEAKER_02]
I think that was an April Fool's joke, actually, because he posted that he that was an action that he actually believes.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, so I don't I didn't nitpick it.
But I have no doubt that that's the case.

[SPEAKER_03]
But the Australians and the New Zealand government, as you know, don't want to know there's a correlation.

[SPEAKER_04]
Yeah, absolutely.
It's, again, see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil thing.

[SPEAKER_02]
Yeah, yeah.
Well, thank you, Dr. Malone, for your time, all your great work.
You're a hero in all of our eyes, so thank you very much.

[SPEAKER_04]
That's very kind.
Thank you.
Thanks for having me on, guys.
Thank you.
Thank you.

[SPEAKER_02]
Everyone hang in.
I got a few announcements to make.
And yeah, just bump to Dr. Malone.
You announced this to make before we close out here.
Remember that we are a small grassroots nonprofit and everything we do is made possible by your support.
And if you're able to, please consider supporting us.
I'm going to flash this on the screen as I normally do if I can get my computer to work properly.
Here it is.
you can text BSRF to 53555 or visit VaxSafety.org backslash donate and if you haven't already please take a moment to sign
our petition to appeal the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act and share it with your friends, family, coworkers, and across your social media networks.
We're seeing real momentum right now, and this is a unique window where your voice can truly make an impact in every signature, every share.
Every action helps move this forward.
Thank you for being a part of this and for helping us continue this mission.
Janet will put the link in the chat.
And speaking of Raphael Lataster, next week,
Join us Tuesday as we welcome back Dr. Raphael LaTaster to explore one of the defining issues of our time, misinformation and who gets to decide what's true.
We'll revisit key COVID era claims, examine shifting narratives across institutions and discuss how to navigate an increasingly filtered and contested information landscape.
Don't miss it.
And Steve, I got an interesting video to close out with.
Tonight, we sign off with a chilling interview from the year is 1984 coincidence with Frank Zappa, whose father worked in top secret chemical and biological warfare labs, warned that diseases like AIDS may not be natural, but the results of lab work accidental or intentional.
He predicted a future warfare shifts from bombs to engineered biological agents designed to control
populations without destroying infrastructure.
And he also pointed out beyond governments to multinational power and profit as the real driving force.
So decades later, many of the same institutions remain at the center of global health crisis.
And Frank must have seen something coming.
And of course, in this video, these are the opinions of Frank Zappa, not the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
Steve, great conversation tonight.
Thank you for doing, uh, asking such great questions.
And again, Dr. Malone for your generosity.
See you all next Tuesday night, right here, 7pm on Rumble and X.
Have a great rest of your evening.
Good night.
Here comes the video.

[SPEAKER_00]
And the purpose is to rid the planet of certain people.
I believe that AIDS in reality is not a natural accident.
It's not a natural disease that just sort of evolved.
Somebody cooked it up.
I think that it's something that either escaped from a genetic engineering laboratory or something that was manufactured on purpose in a genetic engineering laboratory to somebody's specifications.
I also believe that all the warfare of the future will be conducted with these biological agents because now the gene splicing is a thing that can be done.
It is feasible to consider the preparation of certain diseases which will kill only specific races, nationalities, or people with certain interests because you can tailor the disease to attack certain things in certain categories.
For example, there are diseases now which affect only certain types of people.
Typhus axe disease, which affects certain Jewish people.
Sickle cell anemia, which affects black people.
If you want to narrow it down and carry it to ridiculous extremes, I could see somebody in an American laboratory or maybe even in a Swiss laboratory making a disease that would kill only Iraqis or only Iranians or only Libyans or only Russians.
Let's look at the world the way it really is.
Government is a joke.
Governments don't do anything.
That's like a cardboard cutout that hides where the real machinery is.
The world is a place that does business.
The world is run by multinational businesses that mostly sell weapons to each other.
Then you have sugar business, oil business, coal business, you know, business.
And when the guys who run these things say jump, all governments jump.
It's foolish to consider the possibility of nuclear war because from a business standpoint, it's impractical.
It stops all business.
So, the way you have to look at it is, the chances are much more likely that the sales will continue of missile delivery systems, but what will be in the warheads will not be things that destroy real estate.
It's much more practical to think of missiles going someplace and putting out chemicals or microbes that enable the one party to subjugate the other party by controlling its labor force while leaving the buildings intact.
